Sunbeam Alseid	W	common	Enchantment Creature — Nymph 	35	W	1W	Flying
Favored (At the beginning of your combat, you may have a nonlegendary creature you control get +1/+1 and become legendary and named “The Champion.”)
Whenever your Champion attacks, untap it.	1/1		normal	TRX		REPLACEMETraxian Strategos	W	common	Creature — Centaur Soldier 	38	W	2W	Whenever an enchantment you control enters, scry 1, then you gain 1 life.	3/3		normal	TRX		REPLACEMENew Recruit	W	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	25	W	2W	New Recruit has first strike as long as it is attacking.
When New Recruit dies, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.	2/2		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEAlseid of Stilled Hearts	W	common	Enchantment Creature — Nymph 	3	W	2W	Favored (At the beginning of your combat, you may have a nonlegendary creature you control get +1/+1 and become legendary and named “The Champion.”)
Whenever your Champion attacks, tap target creature.	2/2		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEDaybreak Rider	W	common	Creature — Archon 	13	W	4W	Flying
When Daybreak Rider enters, you may bless another target creature. (Create a token copy of this creature’s blessing attached to that permanent.)	3/3		modal double faced	TRX		The Sun's Blessing	W	Enchantment — Aura Blessing 	W	2W	(You may also cast this side from your hand.)
Flash
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2.				REPLACEMETraxian Calvary	W	common	Sorcery	36	W	5W	Create two 3/3 green Centaur creature tokens with vigilance.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMESkophos Warden	W	common	Creature — Minotaur Cleric Scout 	33	W	3W	When Skophos Warden enters, you may exile target artifact or enchantment an opponent controls until Skophos Warden leaves the battlefield.	3/3		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEWalk the Dead's Path	W	common	Instant	40	W	1W	Choose one —
• Walk the Dead’s Path deals 3 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.
• Destroy target enchantment.			normal	TRX		vampireREPLACEMETyranny of Trax	W	common	Instant	39	W	1W	Destroy target creature if it’s tapped or if it has toughness 4 or greater.			normal	TRX		Story Spotlight 2
!updateREPLACEMEMarble Philosopher	W	common	Creature — Human Artist 	24	W	W	6: Put two +1/+1 counters on target creature you control. Activate only as a sorcery and only if your devotion to white is three or more. (Each W in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to white.)	0/3		normal	TRX		Devotion to Three CycleREPLACEMEOlantin Stalwart	WU	common	Creature — Merfolk Soldier 	250	WU	2W/U	Whenever an enchantment you control enters, tap target noncreature permanent.	3/2		normal	TRX		Slow enchantmentsREPLACEMETraxian Hoplite	WB	common	Creature — Cat Soldier 	261	WB	1W/B	Whenever a creature you control leaves the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on Traxian Hoplite.	1/1		normal	TRX		CratsREPLACEMEGods Willing	W	common	Instant	20	W	W	Target creature you control gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn.
Scry 1.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMECharming Siren	U	common	Creature — Siren Wizard 	47	U	U	Flying
When Charming Siren leaves the battlefield, if it wasn’t blocking, you may bless target creature. (Create a token copy of this creature’s blessing attached to that permanent.)	1/1		modal double faced	TRX		Left to the Sea	U	Enchantment — Aura Blessing 	U	1UU	(You may also cast this side from your hand.)
Enchant creature
When Left to the Sea enters, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.				REPLACEMEMelancholic Oracle	U	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	60	U	1U	Whenever you draw your second card each turn, scry 1 then put a +1/+1 counter on Melancholic Oracle.	2/1		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEMeeting of the Minds	U	common	Sorcery	59	U	2U	Create two 1/1 blue Wizard creature tokens with prowess.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEMentor of the Dakra Isles	U	common	Creature — Sphinx 	61	U	3U	Flying
5: Draw a card. Activate only if your devotion to blue is three or greater. (Each U in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to blue.)	3/3		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEOlantin Emissary	U	common	Creature — Merfolk Soldier 	64	U	3U	Whenever an enchantment you control enters, each opponent mills two cards.	2/5		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEDakran Shipcrusher	U	common	Creature — Crab Octopus 	48	U	5UU	Hexproof
When Dakran Shipcrusher enters, you may bless target creature. (Create a token copy of this creature’s blessing attached to that permanent.)	6/6		modal double faced	TRX		Depths of the Sea	U	Enchantment — Aura Blessing 	U	1U	(You may also cast this side from your hand.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -4/-0 and loses flying.				KLOSREPLACEMEWarden of the Deep-Dwelling	U	common	Creature — Merfolk Soldier 	81	U	4U	Prowess, prowess (Each instance of prowess triggers separately.)	4/4		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEFathomless Dominion	U	common	Instant	52	U	1U	Target player mills two cards, then mills two more cards for each card named Fathomless Dominion in your graveyard.			normal	TRX		ThassaREPLACEMEDivine Mishap	U	common	Instant	49	U	1UU	Counter target spell.
Draw a card if you control a legendary permanent.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEKraken Hatchling	U	common	Creature — Kraken 	56	U	U		0/4		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEThassa's Caress	U	common	Instant	73	U	U	Target creature gains hexproof until end of turn. Untap it.
Draw a card if your devotion to blue is three or greater. (Each U in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to blue.)			normal	TRX		Devotion to Three cycleREPLACEMEOdunos Smuggler	UB	common	Creature — Siren Rogue 	252	UB	U/BU/B	Flying
Odunos Smuggler can’t block.
When Odunos Smuggler enters, target player mills two cards. Scry 2.	2/1		normal	TRX		Eight or more millREPLACEMEPossibility Savant	UR	common	Creature — Minotaur Wizard 	262	UR	1U/RU/R	Noncreature spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.	2/3		normal	TRX		Noncreature loveREPLACEMESecluded Gorgon	B	common	Creature — Gorgon Cleric 	117	B	1B	Lifelink
Whenever Secluded Gorgon dies, you may bless target creature. (Create a token copy of this creature’s blessing attached to that permanent.)	2/1		modal double faced	TRX		Glare of the Gorgon	B	Enchantment — Aura Blessing 	B	1B	(You may also cast this side from your hand.)
Flash
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +0/+2 and has deathtouch.				REPLACEMEHekatan Demagogue	B	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	93	B	2B	Favored (At the beginning of your combat, you may have a nonlegendary creature you control get +1/+1 and become legendary and named “The Champion.”)
Whenever your Champion attacks, scry 1.	1/3		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEReaper Archon	B	common	Creature — Archon 	113	B	3B	Flying
Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player, that player mills two cards.	3/2		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEStoic Phylaskia	B	common	Creature — Skeleton Soldier 	120	B	3B	Favored (At the beginning of your combat, you may have a nonlegendary creature you control get +1/+1 and become legendary and named “The Champion.”)
Whenever your Champion attacks, it gets +2/+0 until end of turn.	2/3		normal	TRX		REPLACEMERemnant of Zakros	B	common	Enchantment Creature — Giant Zombie 	114	B	4BB	When Remnant of Zakros enters, choose one —
• Each player sacrifices a creature.
• Each player sacrifices an enchantment.	5/7		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEXarr's Mockery	B	common	Creature — Cyclops Zombie 	123	B	2B	Whenever your Champion attacks, Xarr’s Mockery gains indestructible until end of turn.	4/2		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEIsolated Misery	B	common	Instant	95	B	3B	Destroy target creature or enchantment you don’t control. If your devotion to black is three or greater, you gain 3 life. (Each B in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to black.)			normal	TRX		Devotion to Three cycleREPLACEMENurture the Future	B	common	Sorcery	101	B	2B	You may cast this spell as though it had flash as long as your devotion to black is three or greater. (Each B in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to black.)
Scry 2, then draw two cards. You lose 2 life.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMESkophos Conqueror	BR	common	Creature — Minotaur Warrior 	255	BR	2B/R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
When Skophos Conqueror enters, draw a card. Skophos Conqueror deals 2 damage to each opponent.	4/3		normal	TRX		Minotaurs/SacrificeREPLACEMESplit-Hair Asp	BG	common	Creature — Snake 	265	BG	B/G	Deathtouch	1/1		normal	TRX		Deathtouch SaboteursREPLACEMEHero in the Making	R	common	Enchantment Creature — Satyr Soldier 	138	R	R	Favored (At the beginning of your combat, you may have a nonlegendary creature you control get +1/+1 and become legendary and named “The Champion.”)	1/1		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEEidolon of Empty Thoughts	R	common	Enchantment Creature — Spirit 	131	R	R	When Eidolon of Empty Thoughts dies, create a Treasure token. 
6: Create a 2/1 red Soldier creature token. Activate only as a sorcery and only if your devotion to red is three or more. (Each R in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to red.)	1/1		normal	TRX		Devotion to Three cycleREPLACEMEInvest in the Future	R	uncommon	Enchantment	140	R	1R	Favored (At the beginning of your combat, you may have a nonlegendary creature you control get +1/+1 and become legendary and named “The Champion.”)
Legendary permanents you control have haste and “Ward—Pay 3 life.”			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEAnvilwrought Lion	R	common	Artifact Creature — Cat 	124	R	1R	Whenever you cast a spell that targets Anvilwrought Lion, creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.	2/2		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEMogis's Raider	R	common	Creature — Human Berserker 	144	R	2R	Mogis’s Raider has first strike as long as it is attacking.
When Mogis’s Raider enters, bless target creature. (Create a token copy of this creature’s blessing attached to that permanent.)	2/2		modal double faced	TRX		Raider's Blessing	R	Enchantment — Aura Blessing 	R	R	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has menace and “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, create a Treasure token.”				REPLACEMESeismic Chimera	R	common	Creature — Chimera 	154	R	3R	Trample
When Seismic Chimera enters, bless target creature. (Create a token copy of this creature’s blessing attached to that permanent.)	2/2		modal double faced	TRX		Tectonic Rage	R	Enchantment — Aura Blessing 	R	1R	(You may also cast this side from your hand.)
Enchant creature
As long as you control enchanted creature, it gets +2/+2.
Enchanted creature can’t block.				REPLACEMERally the Hoplites	R	common	Sorcery	151	R	3R	Choose one —
• Up to two target creatures get +2/+1 and gain first strike until end of turn.
• Create two 2/1 red Soldier creature tokens.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEGuardians of Zakros	R	common	Creature — Cyclops Warrior 	136	R	4R	Favored (At the beginning of your combat, you may have a nonlegendary creature you control get +1/+1 and become legendary and named “The Champion.”)
Legendary creatures you control have trample.	5/3		normal	TRX		REPLACEMESpeaker of the Lightning	R	common	Creature — Giant Wizard 	159	R	4RR	Prowess
When Speaker of the Lightning enters, return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.	4/4		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEPunishment from Nyx	R	common	Instant	149	R	R	If you control three or more enchantments, damage dealt by sources you control this turn can’t be prevented.
Punishment from Nyx deals 2 damage to any target.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEFall from Nyx	R	common	Enchantment — Aura 	133	R	3R	Enchant creature you control
When Fall from Nyx enters, destroy target artifact or land.
Enchanted creature gets +2/+0.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEReply to the Call	R	common	Instant	152	R	R	Target creature you control gets +1/+0 and gains haste until end of turn.
Draw a card.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEHeedless Cruelty	R	common	Instant	137	R	R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature or pay 4.
Heedless Cruelty deals 5 damage to target creature or planeswalker.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEThrice-Blessed Boon	R	common	Enchantment — Aura 	162	R	R	You may tap an untapped legendary creature you control instead of paying this spell’s mana cost.
Enchant creature.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+0 and has menace.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEAegis Assault	RG	common	Instant	256	RG	1R/G	Target creature you control gets +4/+3 until end of turn.			normal	TRX		Combat Stuff/heroicREPLACEMERevel Watchguard	G	common	Creature — Satyr Soldier 	193	G	1G	Defender
As long as you control a creature with power 4 or greater, Revel Watchguard can attack as though it didn’t have defender.	3/3		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEDryad of the Keen-Eyed	G	common	Enchantment Creature — Nymph Dryad 	173	G	1G	When Dryad of the Keen-Eyed enters, search your library for a basic Forest card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If your devotion to green is three or greater, put it onto the battlefield tapped instead. (Each G in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to green.)	1/1		normal	TRX		Devotion to Three cycleREPLACEMEReaper of Fields	G	common	Creature — Human Druid 	192	G	G	Whenever Reaper of Fields attacks, bless target land. (Create a token copy of this creature’s blessing attached to that permanent.)	1/1		modal double faced	TRX		Fields of Ilysia	G	Enchantment — Aura Blessing 	G	G	(You may also cast this side from your hand.)
Enchant land
Enchanted land has “T: Add one mana of any color.”				REPLACEMEPidae Raider	G	common	Creature — Gorgon Warrior 	190	G	2G	Deathtouch
Whenever Pidae Raider deals combat damage to a player, create a Treasure token.	2/2		normal	TRX		REPLACEMECaller of Ferocity	G	common	Creature — Satyr Bard 	168	G	2G	When Caller of Ferocity enters, bless target creature. (Create a token copy of this creature’s blessing attached to that permanent.)	2/2		modal double faced	TRX		Ferocity of Nature	G	Enchantment — Aura Blessing 	G	G	(You may also cast this side from your hand.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has vigilance and trample.				REPLACEMEInkblooded Basilisk	G	common	Creature — Basilisk 	179	G	3G	Deathtouch
When Inkblooded Basilisk dies, draw a card.	2/3		normal	TRX		REPLACEMECentaur Mentor	G	common	Creature — Centaur Warrior 	170	G	2GG	Trample
When Centaur Mentor enters, target creature gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is your devotion to green. (Each G in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to green.)	4/4		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEPheres-Band Huntmaster	G	common	Creature — Centaur Warrior 	189	G	4G	Vigilance
Whenever Pheres-Band Huntmaster becomes the target of a spell or ability you control, put a +1/+1 counter on it. You gain 2 life. 	4/4		normal	TRX		REPLACEMESlumbering Serpent	G	common	Enchantment — Aura 	199	G	4GG	Enchant land you control
Enchanted land is a 6/6 green Serpent creature with hexproof and haste. It’s still a land.
When enchanted land dies, return that card to its owner’s hand.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEThundering Serpent	G	common	Creature — Serpent 	203	G	5GG	Vigilance, reach
When Thundering Serpent enters, you gain 6 life.	7/7		normal	TRX		KLOSREPLACEMEWeave Destiny	G	common	Instant	204	G	1G	Reveal the top three cards of your library. You may put a creature, enchantment, or land card from among them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.			normal	TRX		Story Spotlight 4REPLACEMEPunch Out of the Sky	G	common	Instant	191	G	2G	Choose one —
• Destroy target creature with flying.
• Exile target enchantment.
• Target creature you control gets +1/+1 and gains hexproof until end of turn.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEMidsummer Dream	G	common	Sorcery	183	G	2G	Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle. Then if you control three or more enchantments, draw a card.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEZakros General	WG	common	Creature — Giant Soldier 	259	WG	3G/WG/W	When Zakros General enters, choose one —
• You may return an enchantment you control to its owner’s hand.
• Return target enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand.	4/4		normal	TRX		Aura-loveREPLACEMEImposing Serpent	UG	common	Creature — Serpent 	268	UG	XG/U	Ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)
Imposing Serpent enters with X +1/+1 counters on it.	0/0		normal	TRX		Big Mana
KLOSREPLACEMEAgnomakhos's Abomination	W	uncommon	Creature — Giant Mutant 	2	W	4WW	Vigilance
Whenever another creature you control dies, return to your hand target enchantment card from your graveyard with lesser mana value.	5/5		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEEphara's Oracle	W	uncommon	Creature — Cat Cleric 	16	W	1W	Aura spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.
When Ephara’s Oracle enters, look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal an enchantment card from among them and put it on the top of your library. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	2/2		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEPatron of Ephara's Glory	W	uncommon	Creature — Cat Artist 	29	W	1W	When Patron of Ephara’s Glory enters, create a 0/1 colorless Sculpture artifact creature token.
Whenever a creature you control dies, scry 1, then you gain 1 life.	2/1		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEArchon of Glorious Light	W	uncommon	Creature — Archon 	4	W	WWW	Flying, vigilance, lifelink	3/3		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEBasilo, Lion of Valor	W	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	7	W	1WW	Lifelink, ward 1
Whenever Basilo, Lion of Valor attacks, you may bless target nonenchanted creature. (Create a token copy of this creature’s blessing attached to that permanent.)	2/2		modal double faced	TRX		The Lion's Charisma	W	Enchantment — Aura Blessing 	W	1W	(You may also cast this side from your hand.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each enchantment you control.				"Seven Warriors"REPLACEMEZakros Decree	W	uncommon	Enchantment	41	W	W	Whenever Zakros Decree or another enchantment you control enters, target creature you control gets +1/+1 and gains lifelink until end of turn.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMECommand from the Front	W	uncommon	Sorcery	12	W	1W	Create a 0/0 white Army creature token if your devotion to white is three or more. (Each W in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to white.)
Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control. 			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEHaubay's Familiar	U	uncommon	Creature — Bird 	54	U	1U	Flying
Haubay’s Familiar can block only creatures with flying.
Whenever you draw your second card each turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Haubay’s Familiar.	2/1		normal	TRX		REPLACEMETraumatic Impact	U	uncommon	Sorcery	76	U	UUU	Target opponent reveals cards from the top of their library until four land cards are revealed. Exile each card revealed this way. If seven or fewer cards were exiled this way, scry 3.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEEidolon of Graceful Steps	U	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Spirit 	51	U	3U	Favored (At the beginning of your combat, you may have a nonlegendary creature you control get +1/+1 and become legendary and named “The Champion.”)
Whenever your Champion attacks, it can’t be blocked this turn.	2/2		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEOracle of Zakros	U	uncommon	Creature — Cyclops Shaman 	66	U	4U	Vigilance
Whenever you attack, bless target creature. (Create a token copy of this creature’s blessing attached to that permanent.)	3/5		modal double faced	TRX		Ocular Insight	U	Enchantment — Aura Blessing 	U	U	(You may also cast this side from your hand.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, scry 1, then draw a card.”				REPLACEMEHorror of the Mystic Sea	U	uncommon	Creature — Hydra Serpent Horror 	55	U	5UU	Ward 3 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 3.)
Whenever Horror of the Mystic Sea attacks, defending player mills two cards. If they milled two nonland cards this way, Horror of the Mystic Sea can’t be blocked this turn.	7/7		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEThe Founding of the Twelve	U	uncommon	Enchantment	53	U	2U	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, choose one —
• Create a 1/1 white Human creature token.
• Target player mills three cards.
• Scry 2.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMETurn to Nyx	U	uncommon	Instant	79	U	1U	Counter target spell with mana value less than or equal to the number of cards in its controller’s graveyard.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEAphonai's Reveler	B	uncommon	Creature — Satyr Zombie 	84	B	B	Menace
Whenever Aphonai’s Reveler attacks, defending player mills two cards. Then if that player has eight or more cards in their graveyard, Aphonai’s Reveler gets +2/+1 and gains lifelink until end of turn.	1/2		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEPhenax's Confidant	B	uncommon	Creature — Zombie 	108	B	1B	Once each turn, when you cast a black spell with mana value less than your devotion to black, you may draw a card and lose 1 life. (Each B in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to black.)	2/1		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEPharika's Harbinger	B	uncommon	Creature — Gorgon Cleric 	107	B	3B	Deathtouch
Whenever Pharika’s Harbinger deals combat damage to a player, bless target creature that player controls. (Create a token copy of this creature’s blessing attached to that permanent.)	2/4		modal double faced	TRX		Poison in the Blood	B	Enchantment — Aura Blessing 	B	2B	(You may also cast this side from your hand.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has “At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a creature. If you can’t, you lose 3 life.”				REPLACEMEAxiomene, Syrurian Tyrant	B	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Demon 	85	B	BBB	Flying
Favored (At the beginning of your combat, you may have a nonlegendary creature you control get +1/+1 and become legendary and named “The Champion.”)
Whenever your Champion attacks, you may double its power until end of turn. If you do, sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.	2/2		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEPetraform Hermit	B	uncommon	Creature — Gorgon Cleric 	106	B	1B	Favored (At the beginning of your combat, you may have a nonlegendary creature you control get +1/+1 and become legendary and named “The Champion.”)
Your Champion has deathtouch.	1/1		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEMaim	B	uncommon	Instant	99	B	1B	Destroy target creature or planeswalker if it has mana value 3 or less or if you control a legendary creature.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEKakomanties Circle	B	uncommon	Enchantment	96	B	BBB	When Kakomanties Circle enters, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.
Whenever a creature you control dies, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMETogether Just a Moment More	B	uncommon	Sorcery	121	B	2B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Return to the battlefield target creature card from your graveyard with mana value less than or equal to 2 plus the sacrificed creature’s mana value.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEPhenax's Touch	B	uncommon	Enchantment	109	B	B	When Phenax’s Touch enters, each opponent discards a card and loses 1 life.
1B, Sacrifice Phenax’s Touch: You draw a card and you lose 1 life.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEApprentice of the Forge-God	R	uncommon	Creature — Giant Artificer 	125	R	2RR	Favored (At the beginning of your combat, you may have a nonlegendary creature you control get +1/+1 and become legendary and named “The Champion.”)
Whenever your Champion deals combat damage to a player, create that many Treasure tokens.	4/4		normal	TRX		REPLACEMESkophos Raid-Veteran	R	uncommon	Creature — Minotaur Soldier 	157	R	1R	Trample
Whenever Skophos Raid-Veteran deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker or becomes the target of a spell you control, create a tapped Treasure token.	2/1		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEZygos, Edge of the Bull	R	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	164	R	1RR	Ward—Pay 2 life.
Whenever Zygos attacks, bless target legendary creature you control. (Create a token copy of this creature’s blessing attached to that permanent.)	2/2		modal double faced	TRX		Blessing of Slaughter	R	Enchantment — Aura Blessing 	R	2R	(You may also cast this side from your hand.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has double strike.				"Seven Warriors"REPLACEMEStar-Seeking Dreamer	R	uncommon	Creature — Satyr Citizen 	160	R	RRR	Whenever you cast an instant, sorcery, or Aura spell that targets only Star-Seeking Dreamer, copy that spell for each other creature you control that the spell could target. Each copy targets a different one of those creatures.	3/3		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEZakros Stompers	R	uncommon	Creature — Giant Warrior 	163	R	3RR	Menace
Whenever you sacrifice a permanent, exile the top card of your library. Until the end of your turn, you may play that card.	5/5		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEThe Burning of Pidae	R	uncommon	Enchantment	129	R	2R	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain haste until end of turn.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEElektes's Charge	R	uncommon	Instant	132	R	2R	Choose one —
• Elektes’s Charge deals 2 damage to each creature that’s not enchanted.
• Up to two target creatures you control each get +2/+0 and gain trample until end of turn.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEIgnite	R	uncommon	Sorcery	139	R	RR	Ignite deals damage to any target equal to your devotion to red. (Each R in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to red.)			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEStar-Studded Sagittaur	G	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Centaur Archer 	200	G	1G	Reach
Whenever Star-Studded Sagittaur deals combat damage to a player, you may bless target land. (Create a token copy of this creature’s blessing attached to that permanent.)	2/2		modal double faced	TRX		Equinox Mark	G	Enchantment — Aura Blessing 	G	1GG	(You may also cast this side from your hand.)
Enchant land
Enchanted land has “T: Add GG.”				REPLACEMEWolf-Whistle Satyr	G	uncommon	Creature — Satyr Druid 	205	G	3G	Trample
Whenever Wolf-Whistle Satyr deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, you may sacrifice it. If you do, bless target creature you control. (Create a token copy of this creature’s blessing attached to that permanent.)	3/3		modal double faced	TRX		Fable of Tooth and Fur	G	Enchantment — Aura Blessing 	G	4GG	(You may also cast this side from your hand.)
Enchant creature
When Fable of Tooth and Fur enters, create three 2/2 green Wolf creature tokens.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each creature you control and gains trample.				REPLACEMESurvivor of Pidae	G	uncommon	Creature — Gorgon 	201	G	GGG	Deathtouch
Whenever Survivor of Pidae becomes the target of a spell you control, you may destroy target artifact or enchantment you don’t control.	3/3		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEHunger's Door	G	uncommon	Creature — Octopus Mutant 	178	G	4GG	Trample
When Hunger’s Door enters, you may return target Aura card from your graveyard to the battlefield attached to Hunger’s Door. (You can’t return a Blessing.)	6/6		normal	TRX		KLOSREPLACEMELabyrinthine Hydra	G	uncommon	Creature — Hydra 	181	G	7G	Favored (At the beginning of your combat, you may have a nonlegendary creature you control get +1/+1 and become legendary and named “The Champion.”)
Whenever your Champion attacks, creatures you control get +2/+2 until end of turn.	5/5		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEDisciple of the Weavers	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	172	G	1G	Whenever Disciple of the Weavers attacks, if you control another creature with power 4 or greater, Disciple of the Weavers can’t be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.
Whenever Disciple of the Weavers deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it.	2/2		normal	TRX		REPLACEMECanopy of the Winter Nexus	G	uncommon	Enchantment	169	G	1G	Whenever you attack, you may cast an Aura card from your graveyard if that spell targets an attacking creature. (You can’t cast Blessings this way.)			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEHarmony with Nature	G	uncommon	Enchantment	177	G	G	At the beginning of your end step, if you control two or more other enchantments, create a 1/1 white Human creature token.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEThe Army of Trax	W	rare	Creature — Archon Army 	6	W	5WW	Flying, vigilance
When The Army of Trax enters, create a number of 0/0 white Army creature tokens equal to your devotion to white. Then put that many +1/+1 counters on each Army you control. (Each W in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to white.)	1/1		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEPrince of the Pride	W	rare	Creature — Cat Soldier 	30	W	WW	Favored (At the beginning of your combat, you may have a nonlegendary creature you control get +1/+1 and become legendary and named “The Champion.”)
At the beginning of your end step, put a +1/+1 counter on your Champion.	0/1		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEChosen of Heliod	W	rare	Creature — Human Archer 	10	W	2WW	First strike
When Chosen of Heliod enters, bless target creature. (Create a token copy of this creature’s blessing attached to that permanent.)
4WW: Bless target creature you control. Activate only as a sorcery.	3/2		modal double faced	TRX		Heliod's Glory	W	Enchantment — Aura Blessing 	W	1W	(You may also cast this side from your hand.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has protection from creatures. (This creature can’t be blocked, targeted or dealt damage by creatures.)				REPLACEMEThe Fall of Trax	W	rare	Enchantment — Saga 	19	W	2W			
I — Exile up to one target permanent with mana value 4 or greater.
II — Create two 1/1 white Human creature tokens.
III — Each player gains control of all permanents they own. If you gained control of no permanents this way, draw a card.	saga	TRX		Story Spotlight 6
!design ZangyREPLACEMEShrine to Heliod	W	rare	Legendary Enchantment — Shrine 	32	W	4W	At the beginning of your upkeep, create a 1/1 white Human creature token for each Shrine you control.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEStormscraper of Ketaphos	U	rare	Enchantment Creature — Leviathan 	72	U	3UU	Flying
Ward X, where X is the number of enchantments you control.
Whenever Stormscraper of Ketaphos deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, create a token that’s a copy of another target enchantment you control.	5/5		normal	TRX		KLOS
With Thassa’s grace, the titans that swam through the water gracefully swim through the air.REPLACEMELost Caller of the Sea	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Shaman 	57	U	U	Kraken, Leviathan, Octopus, and Serpent spells you cast cost X less to cast, where X is your devotion to blue. (Each U in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to blue.)	1/2		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEThassa's Tideshaper	U	uncommon	Creature — Merfolk Wizard Rogue 	74	U	1U	Flash
Whenever Thassa’s Tideshaper attacks, defending player mills two cards and you draw a card. Then discard a card unless defending player has eight or more cards in their graveyard.	2/1		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEAbsorb Divinity	U	rare	Instant	42	U	2UU	Gain control of target creature with mana value less than or equal to your devotion to blue. (Each U in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to blue.)			normal	TRX		Story Spotlight 1REPLACEMELost to Memory	U	rare	Sorcery	58	U	XUU	Create X blue Shrine enchantment tokens named Unmarked Shrine with “At the beginning of your upkeep, each opponent mills a card.”
1U, Exile Lost to Memory from your graveyard: Draw two cards. Activate only if an opponent has eight or more cards in their graveyard.			normal	TRX		!script "<s><l>Spawn Shrine</l><f>/spawn Unmarked Shrine TTR</f></s><s><l>Spawn five Shrines</l><f>/spawnx5 Unmarked Shrine TTR</f></s>","r"REPLACEMEThe Sinking of Olantin	U	rare	Enchantment — Saga 	71	U	3UU			
Draw two cards.
I, II — Return all nonland, nonenchantment permanents to their owners’ hands.
III — You may cast a non-Saga spell with mana value 5 or less from your hand without paying its mana cost.	saga	TRX		
!design ZangyREPLACEMEShrine to Thassa	U	rare	Legendary Enchantment — Shrine 	70	U	2U	Untap up to X permanents you control during each other player’s untap step, where X is the number of Shrines you control.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEUnderworld Tormentor	B	rare	Creature — Demon Zombie 	122	B	BBB	Flying
Ward—Discard a card.
You have “Ward—Discard a card.”
At the beginning of your upkeep, your life total becomes equal to your devotion to black. (Each B in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to black.)	5/4		normal	TRX		REPLACEMESlighos the Body-Binder	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Demon 	119	B	2BB	Flying
Favored (At the beginning of your combat, you may have a nonlegendary creature you control get +1/+1 and become legendary and named “The Champion.”)
Whenever another legendary nontoken creature you control dies, you may exile it. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it, except it has no name, it isn’t legendary, and it is a Zombie.	3/3		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEKeeper of the Scale	B	rare	Creature — Gorgon Wizard 	97	B	1B	Deathtouch
Whenever a creature you control with deathtouch deals damage to a planeswalker, destroy that planeswalker.
Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, put a deathtouch counter on it. If it already had deathtouch, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.	2/1		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEMake an Example	B	rare	Sorcery	100	B	3B	Each opponent separates the creatures they control into two piles. For each opponent, you choose one of their piles. Each opponent sacrifices the creatures in their chosen pile. 			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEThe Path of Phenax	B	rare	Enchantment — Saga 	105	B	1BB			
I — Each opponent discards two cards, then mills two cards.
Each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.
II, III — For each opponent that has eight or more cards in their graveyard, exile a card from that player’s graveyard. You may cast cards exiled this way this turn, and mana of any type can be spent to cast cast it.	saga	TRX		
!design ZangyREPLACEMEShrine to Erebos	B	rare	Legendary Enchantment — Shrine 	118	B	B	4B: You draw a card and you lose 1 life. This ability costs 1 less to activate for each other Shrine you control. Activate only once each turn.			normal	TRX		reworked: Was {2}{B}: Return target creature card with mana value X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield, where X is the number of Shrines you control. Activate only once each turn and only during your turn.REPLACEMESatyr Arsonist	R	rare	Creature — Satyr Wizard 	153	R	1R	Prowess
When Satyr Arsonist enters, destroy up to one target nonbasic land. Its controller may search their library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	2/1		normal	TRX		!update buffed: target now optionalREPLACEMEPyros Rider	R	rare	Creature — Archon 	150	R	2R	Flying
Whenever you cast a spell that targets a single creature you control, bless that creature. (Create a token copy of this creature’s blessing attached to that permanent.)	3/1		modal double faced	TRX		Consuming Flames	R	Enchantment — Aura Blessing 	R	1RR	(You may also cast this side from your hand.)
Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, you may sacrifice it. If you do, untap all creatures you control and after this phase, there is an additional combat phase.				REPLACEMESkophos Conjuror	R	rare	Enchantment Creature — Minotaur Spirit 	156	R	1RR	Trample
Whenever another creature you control becomes the target of a spell you control, create a token that’s a copy of that creature, except it has haste. Sacrifice that token at the beginning of the next end step.	3/3		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEAudience at Zakros	R	rare	Enchantment	128	R	4RR	Favored (At the beginning of your combat, you may have a nonlegendary creature you control get +1/+1 and become legendary and named “The Champion.”)
Whenever a legendary creature you control attacks, create a tapped and attacking token that’s a copy of that creature, except it’s not legendary and is an enchantment in addition to its other types.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEA God Divided	R	rare	Enchantment — Saga 	135	R	2R			
I — A God Divided deals 2 damage to each nonenchantment creature.
II — Creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.
III — You may sacrifice a creature. If you do, A God Divided deals damage to any target equal to the sacrificed creature’s power.	saga	TRX		Story Spotlight 5
!design ZangyREPLACEMEShrine to Purphoros	R	rare	Legendary Enchantment — Shrine 	155	R	3R	At the beginning of your upkeep, exile the top card of your library. You may play it this turn. If you control a number of Shrines greater than or equal to that card’s mana value, you may cast it without paying its mana cost.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMENylea's Grovetender	G	rare	Creature — Centaur Druid 	186	G	5GG	If you would add mana of a color to your mana pool, you may instead add an amount equal to your devotion to that color instead. (Each that in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to that.)	5/5		normal	TRX		REPLACEMENessian Scout-Captain	G	rare	Creature — Minotaur Soldier 	184	G	2GG	Favored (At the beginning of your combat, you may have a nonlegendary creature you control get +1/+1 and become legendary and named “The Champion.”)
Whenever your Champion attacks, creatures you control with power 4 or greater get +1/+1 and gain trample until end of turn.	4/4		normal	TRX		REPLACEMESkola Nyxweaver	G	rare	Creature — Satyr Soldier Scout 	198	G	GGG	Whenever you cast a green spell, choose up to X, where X is the number of green mana symbols in that spell’s mana cost —
• Create a 1/1 white Human creature token.
• Put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control.
• Put a trample counter, vigilance counter, or a reach counter on a creature you control.
• Untap target land.	3/3		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEKing of the Wilderness	G	rare	Creature — Chimera 	180	G	GGG	Vigilance, reach, trample
Ward—Sacrifice a noncreature permanent.	3/3		normal	TRX		REPLACEMESiphon the Divine	G	rare	Enchantment — Saga 	197	G	1G			
I, II — Siphon the Divine gains “Creatures your opponents control lose hexproof and indestructible and can’t have or gain hexproof and indestructible.”
Target creature you control fights up to one target creature.
III — Exile target player’s graveyard.	saga	TRX		
!design ZangyREPLACEMEShrine to Nylea	G	rare	Legendary Enchantment — Shrine 	196	G	5G	Creatures you control get +1/+1 for each Shrine you control.			normal	TRX		buffed: Was {6}{G}.REPLACEMEClaes, Shield of Karda	W	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	11	WU	W	Whenever Claes, Shield of Karda attacks, another target attacking creature you control gains indestructible until end of turn.
Whenever a planeswalker you control enters, you may exile Claes, then return him to the battlefield transformed with a number of loyalty counters on him equal to the starting loyalty of that planeswalker.	2/1		transform double faced	TRX		Claes, Melded Spark	WU	Legendary Planeswalker — Claes Haubay 	WU				Creatures you control have ward 2.
[+1]: Scry 2. You may put a loyalty counter on another planeswalker you control.
[-1]: Create a 0/0 white Army creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on each Army you control.		REPLACEMEPhlage, Titan of Burning Wind	UR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Elder Giant 	232	UR	4UR	Whenever Phlage enters or attacks, Phlage deals 2 damage to any target and you draw a card.
2UR: Return Phlage from your graveyard to the battlefield, then put it on the bottom of its owner’s library. Activate only as a sorcery.	6/6		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEThe Smoking Strand		mythic	Legendary Artifact	275	C	3	When The Smoking Strand enters, you may search your library for a planeswalker card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Planeswalkers you control have “+1: Draw a card.”			normal	TRX		REPLACEMERide the Tartyx	B	mythic	Sorcery	115	B	2BB	Return any number of creature cards with total mana value less than or equal to twice your devotion to black from your graveyard to the battlefield. (Each B in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to black.)			normal	TRX		REPLACEMESkotha, Titan of Eternal Dark	BG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Elder Giant 	239	BG	4BG	Whenever Skotha enters or attacks, target player discards a card and you untap all lands you control.
2BG: Return Skotha from your graveyard to the battlefield, then put it on the bottom of its owner’s library. Activate only as a sorcery.	6/6		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEKarda, Battle-Born	WBR	mythic	Legendary Enchantment Creature — God 	249	WBR	1RWB	Indestructible
As long as your devotion to red, white and black is less than nine, Karda isn’t a creature.
Whenever you attack, creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn. At the end of combat, if Karda dealt combat damage to a player, sacrifice him, then search your library and/or graveyard for a card named Iroas, Honor-Bound and a card named Mogis, Rage-Crowned and put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	7/7		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEKoios, Spear of Karda	R	mythic	Legendary Enchantment Planeswalker — Koios 	142	R	RRRR			Koios, Spear of Karda enters with a number of additional loyalty counters on him equal to your devotion to red. (He doesn’t count himself.)
[+1]: Exile the top three cards of your library. You may cast one of them.
[-3]: Koios deals damage to any nonplayer target equal to your devotion to red.
[-X]: Choose up to X target creatures with total mana value X or less. For each creature chosen this way, create a token that’s a copy of it, except it has haste. Sacrifice those tokens at the beginning of the next end step.	planeswalker	TRX	4	REPLACEMEArasta's Handmaiden	G	mythic	Enchantment Creature — Spider 	166	G	2GGG	Reach
If a creature you control would deal combat damage to a permanent or player, you may have it deal damage equal to your devotion to green instead. (Each G in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to green.)	3/5		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEBenthalos of Land and Sea	WU	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	206	WU	WU	Flash
When Benthalos of Land and Sea enters, you may pay X. When you do, create a token that’s a copy of target white or blue enchantment you control with mana value X or less.	2/2		normal	TRX		Slow EnchantmentsREPLACEMEOrestes, Heroic Scoundrel	UB	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Satyr Rogue 	210	UB	1UB	Creatures you control have menace as long as they are attacking players with eight or more cards in their graveyard.
Whenever you attack, each defending player mills two cards. If a land card was milled this way, put a +1/+1 counter on Orestes.	2/3		normal	TRX		Eight or more mill

	A master thief and oracle who was one of Phenax's first followers. He was able to divine a mortal's lifespan as well as whether they would become Returned by interpreting their blood. A scoundrel-hero who devoted his life to Phenax, according to legend he stole the sun from above the polis of Setessa, tricked a cerberus into devouring itself, stole a kraken's heart, and raced a skiff ahead of the River Guide, Athreos. After his death, Orestes's tomb became a holy site for followers of Phenax, in part due to his sarcophagus taking on the oracle-thief's powers of prophecyREPLACEMERaksolcs Ravage-Soul	BR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Minotaur Warrior 	216	BR	2BR	Whenever Raksolcs Ravage-Soul deals combat damage to a player, create a Treasure token.
Whenever you sacrifice a permanent, Minotaurs you control get +2/+0 until end of turn. Creatures you control gain menace until end of turn. This ability triggers only once each turn.	4/3		normal	TRX		Minotaurs, SacrificeREPLACEMEMolpadia, the Last Acephali	RG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Cyclops Warrior 	220	RG	RRGG	Ward—Sacrifice a permanent. (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player sacrifices a permanent.)
Whenever you cast a spell that targets Molpadia, the Last Acephali, exile the top card of your library. You may play it this turn.	4/4		normal	TRX		Combat STuffREPLACEMELykaretos, Harvest's Bounty	WG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Cat Druid 	225	WG	2GW	At the beginning of combat on your turn, up to one target creature you control has base power and toughness X/X until end of turn, where X is the number of enchantments you control.
When Lykaretos dies, bless target land. (Create a token copy of this creature’s blessing attached to that permanent.)	3/3		modal double faced	TRX		The Miraculous Field	WG	Enchantment — Aura Blessing 	WG	1GW	(You may also cast this side from your hand.)
Enchant land
Enchanted land has “T: Add two mana in any combination of colors. You gain 1 life.”				Aura loveREPLACEMEPero, Puppet of Erebos	WB	uncommon	Legendary Enchantment Creature — Demigod 	229	WB	1WB	Flying, lifelink
Whenever a creature dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Pero, Puppet of Erebos, then each player loses 1 life.	1/1		normal	TRX		Crats, extra value from graveREPLACEMETimedrinker the Bleached	UR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Dragon 	233	UR	4UR	Flying
Ward—2, Pay 2 life. (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2 and pays 2 life.)
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, draw a card.	4/3		normal	TRX		NoncreaturesREPLACEMEBiaas the Poison Drinker	BG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Rogue 	235	BG	1BG	Deathtouch
Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to an opponent, draw a card. You lose 1 life unless that creature had deathtouch.	2/2		normal	TRX		Sabotuers deathtouchREPLACEMEElektes, First King of Akros	WR	uncommon	Legendary Enchantment Creature — Demigod 	241	WR	1RW	As long as it’s your turn, Elektes has first strike.
At the beginning of combat on your turn, target creature you control gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is your devotion to red and white.	1/3		normal	TRX		Go Wide
"Seven Warriors"REPLACEMEZale, Titanohunter	UG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Ranger 	248	UG	1GU	T: Add CC.
Whenever you cast a Kraken, Leviathan, Octopus, or Serpent spell, draw a card.	1/1		normal	TRX		Big ManaREPLACEMEBuilder of Monuments	WU	rare	Creature — Giant Artificer 	207	WU	2WU	Vigilance
Whenever Builder of Monuments attacks, put a build counter on it. Then you may search your library for an artifact or enchantment card with mana value less than or equal to the number of build counters on Builder of Monuments, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	4/5		normal	TRX		Slow Enchantments
 adjusted: Activated ability is now part of the triggered ability.REPLACEMEThrough Blood, Knowledge	UB	rare	Sorcery	213	UB	3UB	Sacrifice each creature you control. Each opponent sacrifices that many creatures.  Draw a card for each creature that’s died this turn.			normal	TRX		Eight or more mill4REPLACEMESpikemane Lion	RG	rare	Creature — Cat 	221	RG	RG	Whenever Spikemane Lion dies, you may bless target creature. (Create a token copy of this creature’s blessing attached to that permanent.)	3/3		modal double faced	TRX		Spikemane Cloak	RG	Enchantment — Aura Blessing 	RG	RG	(You may also cast this side from your hand.)
Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature becomes the target of a spell or ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it and that creature deals 1 damage to each opponent. This ability triggers no more than twice each turn.				Combat STuffREPLACEMEKynaios, Blade-Bound	WG	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	224	WG	1GW	Vigilance
Whenever Kynaios, Blade-Bound enters or attacks, reveal the top five cards of your library. You may put an enchantment card or a card with a Blessing from among them into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	1/4		normal	TRX		Aura loveREPLACEMEArchon of Condemnation	WB	rare	Creature — Archon 	226	WB	3WB	Flying
When Archon of Condemnation enters, you may bless target creature.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may sacrifice a creature. If you do, bless target creature. (Create a token copy of this creature’s blessing attached to that permanent.)	4/4		modal double faced	TRX		Confine to Eternity	WB	Enchantment — Aura Blessing 	WB	1WB	(You may also cast this side from your hand.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can’t attack or block, and its activated abilities can’t be activated unless they’re mana abilities.
Enchanted creature has “At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 1 life.”				Crats, extra value from graveREPLACEMETiro, the Silent Blade	UR	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	234	UR	UR	Ward 2
Whenever an enchantment you control enters, put a +1/+1 counter on Tiro, the Silent Blade.	2/2		normal	TRX		NoncreaturesREPLACEMENikon, Skophos Protector	WR	rare	Legendary Creature — Minotaur Soldier 	244	WR	2RW	Flash
Lifelink
When Nikon, Skophos Protector enters, the next time a source of your choice would deal damage to you or a permanent you control this turn, prevent that damage. If damage is prevented this way, Nikon deals that much damage to that source’s controller. 	3/3		normal	TRX		Go WideREPLACEMENykthos, Architect of Gods	UG	rare	Legendary Enchantment Creature — Demigod 	247	WUBRG	1GU	Nykthos, Architect of Gods has indestructible as long as you control at least three Shrines.
Whenever Nykthos attacks, you may pay WUBRG. If you do, search your library for a Shrine or legendary land card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	3/3		normal	TRX		Big Mana
 adjusted: Was a 4/4 for {2}{G}{U}.REPLACEMEColossus of Trax		common	Artifact Creature — Construct 	272	C	7	This spell costs X less to cast, where X is your greatest devotion to a single color. (Each colored mana symbol in the mana costs of permanents you control count towards devotion to that color.)
Menace	5/5		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEImplacable Shrine-Guard		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Sculpture 	273	WUBRG	4	Whenever Implacable Shrine-Guard attacks, for each color, do the following if your devotion to that color is three or greater.
W — Create a 1/1 white Human creature token.
U — Draw a card.
B — Each opponent loses 2 life.
R — Create a Treasure token.
G — You gain 3 life.	4/4		normal	TRX		newartREPLACEMETidelock Pearl		uncommon	Artifact	277	U	3	T: Add one mana of any color. Put a tide counter on Tidelock Pearl.
1U, T, Sacrifice Tidelock Pearl: Search your library for a Kraken, Leviathan, Octopus, or Serpent card with mana value less than or equal to the number of tide counters on Tidelock Pearl, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEAthreos, Gold-Eyed	WB	mythic	Legendary Enchantment Creature — God 	227	WB	1WB	Indestructible
As long as your devotion to white and black is less than seven, Athreos isn’t a creature.
Whenever a creature dies, exile it with a coin counter on it. Each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
Whenever Athreos attacks, put a creature card you exiled with a coin counter on it onto the battlefield under your control.	5/4		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEKarametra, Life-Harvester	WG	mythic	Legendary Enchantment Creature — God 	222	WG	1GW	Indestructible
As long as your devotion to green and white is less than seven, Karametra isn’t a creature.
Enchantments and enchanted permanents you control have “When this permanent becomes tapped for the first time during each of your turns, untap it.”	4/6		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEKlothys, Fate-Driven	RG	mythic	Legendary Enchantment Creature — God 	218	RG	3RG	Indestructible
As long as your devotion to red and green is less than seven, Klothys isn’t a creature.
Whenever a creature you control becomes the target of a spell or ability you control, that creature gets +2/+2 and gains trample and haste until end of turn. This ability triggers only once for each creature each turn.	7/7		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEKruphix, Far-Seeing	UG	mythic	Legendary Enchantment Creature — God 	245	UG	3GU	Indestructible
As long as your devotion to green and blue is less than seven, Kruphix isn’t a creature.
Whenever you tap a permanent for mana, add one mana of any type that permanent produced.	7/7		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEMogis, Rage-Crowned	BR	mythic	Legendary Enchantment Creature — God 	214	BR	1BR	Indestructible
As long as your devotion to black and red is less than seven, Mogis isn’t a creature.
Whenever you attack, each opponent loses 1 life for each creature attacking them. If a player lost 5 or more life this way, that player discards a card.	4/4		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEIroas, Honor-Bound	WR	mythic	Legendary Enchantment Creature — God 	242	WR	1RW	Indestructible
As long as your devotion to red and white is less than seven, Iroas isn’t a creature.
Whenever you attack, you gain 1 life for each attacking creature. If you gained 5 or more life this way, draw a card.	4/4		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEKeranos, Fickle-Fortuned	UR	mythic	Legendary Enchantment Creature — God 	230	UR	1UR	Indestructible
As long as your devotion to blue and red is less than seven, Keranos isn’t a creature.
Noncreature spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, Keranos deals 1 damage to each opponent.	5/5		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEPhenax, Brazen Thief	UB	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Rogue 	211	UB	UB	Whenever Phenax or another Rogue you control deals damage to a player or planeswalker, each player mills two cards.
1UB, Exile five other cards from your graveyard: Return Phenax from your graveyard to the battlefield transformed. Activate only as a sorcery.	3/1		transform double faced	TRX		Phenax, Poison-Tongued	UB	Legendary Enchantment Creature — God 	UB		Indestructible
As long as your devotion to blue and black is less than seven, Phenax isn’t a creature.
At the beginning of each end step, each opponent mills X cards, where X is the number of cards put into their graveyard from anywhere this turn. You gain life equal to the number of cards milled this way.	5/5			REPLACEMEPharika, Snake-Twined	BG	mythic	Legendary Enchantment Creature — God 	237	BG	1BG	Indestructible
As long as your devotion to black and green is less than seven, Pharika isn’t a creature.
At the beginning of your upkeep, create a 1/1 green Snake creature token. If Pharika is a creature, create a 1/1 black Snake creature token with deathtouch instead.	5/5		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEEphara, Hero-Maker	WU	mythic	Legendary Enchantment Creature — God 	208	WU	1WU	Indestructible
As long as your devotion to white and blue is less than seven, Ephara isn’t a creature.
Whenever you cast an enchantment spell, draw a card.	4/4		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEPlains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	301	C					normal	TRX		REPLACEMEIsland		common	Basic Land — Island 	302	C					normal	TRX		REPLACEMESwamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	303	C					normal	TRX		REPLACEMEMountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	304	C					normal	TRX		REPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	305	C					normal	TRX		REPLACEMEAgnomakhos, Justice	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Archon 	1	W	3WW	Flying, vigilance
Other creatures you control are Armies in addition to their other types.
At the beginning of your end step, create a 0/0 white Army creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on each Army you control.	4/4		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEBehemoth of the Five Rivers	U	rare	Creature — Leviathan Whale 	45	U	4UU	Flash
Ward 3
You may reveal the second card you draw each turn as you draw it. When you do, you may cast it without paying its mana cost. If you didn’t cast a spell this way, create two Treasure tokens.	6/6		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEFuries of the Natural Order	B	rare	Creature — Horror 	90	B	4BB	Deathtouch, lifelink
When Furies of the Natural Order enters, bless any number of target players. (Create a token copy of this creature’s blessing attached to that permanent.)	5/5		modal double faced	TRX		Tether to Reality	B	Enchantment — Aura Blessing Curse 	B	2BB	(You may also cast this side from your hand.)
Enchant player
At the beginning of each end step, enchanted player gains life equal to the amount of life they’ve gained this turn, then loses life equal to the amount of life they’ve lost this turn.				REPLACEMEThraxes, Sire of Dragons	R	rare	Legendary Enchantment Creature — Dragon 	161	R	3RR	Flying, haste
Instant and sorcery spells cost 2 less to cast.
Whenever an opponent casts their second spell each turn, create a 5/5 red Dragon enchantment creature token with flying.	5/5		normal	TRX		REPLACEMESeeker of New Horizons	G	rare	Creature — Satyr Scout 	194	G	G	Whenever a basic land you control enters, put a +1/+1 counter on Seeker of New Horizons. If you control seven or more lands, bless that land. (Create a token copy of this creature’s blessing attached to that permanent.)	1/1		modal double faced	TRX		Ilysian Guardian	G	Enchantment — Aura Blessing 	G	2G	Enchant land
Enchanted land is a 4/4 Dryad creature with reach, vigilance, and haste. It’s still a land.
When enchanted land dies, return it to its owner’s hand.				REPLACEMEThe Arbiter	U	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Haubay 	44	U	4UUU			[+2]: Each player puts their hand on the bottom of their library in a random order. You draw five cards, then each opponent draws two cards.
[+1]: Untap each land you control.
[-3]: Return up to three target nonland permanents to their owner’s hands.
[-9]: You get an emblem with “Whenever an opponent casts their first spell each turn, gain control of it. You may choose new targets for that spell.”	planeswalker	TRX	5	REPLACEMEXarr of the Eternal Cycle	BG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Xarr 	240	BG	3BG			[+2]: Mill three cards. You gain 3 life.
[+1]: Return target land card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It becomes a 2/2 black Zombie creature in addition to its other types.
[-2]: Target opponent sacrifices a permanent with mana value 3 or greater.
[-12]: You get an emblem with “Whenever a player sacrifices a permanent, you may draw a card.” Then each opponent sacrifices five permanents.	planeswalker	TRX	5	Thorn REPLACEMEBarren Ashlands		rare	Land	279	BR		Barren Ashlands enters tapped.
T: Add B or R.
5B/R: Barren Ashlands becomes a 3/3 black and red Lizard creature with first strike until end of turn. It’s still a land. This ability costs X less to activate, where X is your devotion to black and red. Activate only once each turn.			normal	TRX		Land CreatureREPLACEMEBuried Colossus		rare	Land	280	WG		Buried Colossus enters tapped.
T: Add G or W.
8G/W: Buried Colossus becomes a 8/8 green and white Cyclops creature until end of turn. It’s still a land. This ability costs X less to activate, where X is your devotion to green and white. Activate only once each turn.			normal	TRX		Land CreatureREPLACEMEEphemeral Mire		rare	Land	281	UB		Ephemeral Mire enters tapped.
T: Add U or B.
4U/B: Until end of turn, Ephemeral Mire becomes a 3/2 black and blue Horror creature until end of turn and can’t be blocked this turn. It’s still a land. This ability costs X less to activate, where X is your devotion to black and blue. Activate only once each turn.			normal	TRX		Land CreatureREPLACEMEGates to the Underworld		rare	Land	283	WB		Gates to the Underworld enters tapped.
T: Add W or B.
5W/B: Gates to the Underworld becomes a 3/4 white and black Construct creature with lifelink until end of turn. It’s still a land. This ability costs X less to activate, where X is your devotion to white and black. Activate only once each turn.			normal	TRX		Land CreatureREPLACEMEHundred-Handed Pillars		rare	Land	284	WU		Hundred-Handed Pillars enters tapped.
T: Add W or U.
7W/U: Hundred-Handed Pillars becomes a 4/6 white and blue Giant creature with vigilance until end of turn. It’s still a land. This ability costs X less to activate, where X is your devotion to white and blue. Activate only once each turn.			normal	TRX		Land CreatureREPLACEMEMiasmic Cove		rare	Land	285	BG		Miasmic Cove enters tapped.
T: Add B or G.
4B/G: Miasmic Cove becomes a 2/3 black and green Snake creature with deathtouch until end of turn. It’s still a land. This ability costs X less to activate, where X is your devotion to black and green. Activate only once each turn.			normal	TRX		Land CreatureREPLACEMENessian Woods		rare	Land	286	RG		Nessian Woods enters tapped.
T: Add R or G.
6R/G: Nessian Woods becomes a 5/4 red and green Dryad creature with trample until end of turn. It’s still a land. This ability costs X less to activate, where X is your devotion to red and green. Activate only once each turn.			normal	TRX		Land Creature REPLACEMENimbus of Thought		rare	Land	287	UR		Nimbus of Thought enters tapped.
T: Add U or R.
4U/R: Until end of turn, Nimbus of Thought becomes a 3/3 blue and red Elemental creature with “Whenever this creature becomes tapped, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.” It’s still a land. This ability costs X less to activate, where X is your devotion to blue and red. Activate only once each turn.			normal	TRX		Land CreatureREPLACEMEShell Cove		rare	Land	288	UG		Shell Cove enters tapped.
T: Add G or U.
9G/U: Shell Cove becomes a 7/7 green and blue Leviathan creature with ward 3 until end of turn. It’s still a land. This ability costs X less to activate, where X is your devotion to green and blue. Activate only once each turn.			normal	TRX		Land Creature REPLACEMETitan's Stairs		rare	Land	300	WR		Titan’s Stairs enters tapped.
T: Add R or W.
3R/W: Titan’s Stairs becomes a 2/2 red and white Archon creature with flying until end of turn. It’s still a land. This ability costs X less to activate, where X is your devotion to red and white. Activate only once each turn.			normal	TRX		Land Creature 
!update
Stone ’stairs’ seem carved and ahunted by eerie whistling windsREPLACEMETemple of Deceit		common	Land	290	UB		Temple of Deceit enters tapped.
When Temple of Deceit enters, scry 1.
T: Add U or B.			normal	TRX		
Cronemouth Cove - holds a known gate to the underworld.  guarded by a coven of sea hags who share a single tongue.REPLACEMETemple of Abandon		common	Land	289	RG		Temple of Abandon enters tapped.
When Temple of Abandon enters, scry 1.
T: Add R or G.			normal	TRX		Gap between mountains that setessans had a fort to guard the passageREPLACEMETemple of Mystery		common	Land	295	UG		Temple of Mystery enters tapped.
When Temple of Mystery enters, scry 1.
T: Add G or U.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMETemple of Malice		common	Land	294	BR		Temple of Malice enters tapped.
When Temple of Malice enters, scry 1.
T: Add B or R.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMETemple of Plenty		common	Land	296	WG		Temple of Plenty enters tapped.
When Temple of Plenty enters, scry 1.
T: Add G or W.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMETemple of Silence		common	Land	297	WB		Temple of Silence enters tapped.
When Temple of Silence enters, scry 1.
T: Add W or B.			normal	TRX		western border of akros, massive chasm that descends to the underworld and belches creatures.REPLACEMETemple of Epiphany		common	Land	292	UR		Temple of Epiphany enters tapped.
When Temple of Epiphany enters, scry 1.
T: Add U or R.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMETemple of Triumph		common	Land	298	WR		Temple of Triumph enters tapped.
When Temple of Triumph enters, scry 1.
T: Add R or W.			normal	TRX		Massive temple to Heliod on a mountainREPLACEMETemple of Enlightenment		common	Land	291	WU		Temple of Enlightenment enters tapped.
When Temple of Enlightenment enters, scry 1.
T: Add W or U.			normal	TRX		vast placid lake center of Oreskos. always remains undisturbed. difficult to look at. sometimes looking see splaces far away. see the future/past.REPLACEMETemple of Malady		common	Land	293	BG		Temple of Malady enters tapped.
When Temple of Malady enters, scry 1.
T: Add B or G.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEShrine to Those Forgotten		common	Enchantment Artifact — Shrine 	274	C	2	Shrine to Those Forgotten enters tapped.
1, T: Add X mana is any combination of colors, where X is the number of Shrines you control.			normal	TRX		nerfed: Now enters tapped.REPLACEMEShrine to Athreos	WB	uncommon	Legendary Enchantment — Shrine 	260	WB	W/B	At the beginning of combat on your turn, you gain 1 life. If you control three or more Shrines, instead you gain 3 life.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEShrine to Ephara	WU	uncommon	Legendary Enchantment — Shrine 	251	WU	2W/U	At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may tap target nonland permanent. If you control three or more Shrines, put a stun counter on it.			normal	TRX		nerfed: Can no longer tap lands. Second effect adds a stun counter instead of tapping a second permanent.REPLACEMEShrine to Iroas	WR	uncommon	Legendary Enchantment — Shrine 	267	WR	1R/W	At the beginning of combat on your turn, target creature or Shrine you control gains first strike until end of turn. If you control three or more Shrines, it gains double strike until end of turn instead.			normal	TRX		reworked: Was {2}{R/W}{R/W} with ’At the beginning of combat on your turn, create a 0/0 white Army creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on it. If you control three or more Shrines, instead create that token, then put a +1/+1 counter on each Army you control.’REPLACEMEShrine to Karametra	WG	uncommon	Legendary Enchantment — Shrine 	258	WG	2G/WG/W	At the beginning of combat on your turn, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. If you control three or more Shrines, they get +2/+1 until end of turn instead.			normal	TRX		reworked: Was {3}{G/W} with ’At the beginning of combat on your turn, create a 1/1 white Human creature token. If you control three or more Shrines, create two of those tokens instead.’REPLACEMEShrine to Keranos	UR	uncommon	Legendary Enchantment — Shrine 	263	UR	1U/R	At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may discard a card. If you do, scry 2 if you control three or more Shrines, then draw a card.			normal	TRX		adjusted: Discard is now optional, effect now checks if you discarded a card.REPLACEMEShrine to Klothys	RG	uncommon	Legendary Enchantment — Shrine 	257	RG	2R/G	At the beginning of combat on your turn, create a 1/1 white Human creature token with haste. At the beginning of your next end step, sacrifice that token unless you control three or more Shrines.			normal	TRX		reworked: Was {3}{R/G} with ’At the beginning of combat on your turn, creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn. If you control three or more Shrines, creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn instead.’REPLACEMEShrine to Kruphix	UG	uncommon	Legendary Enchantment — Shrine 	269	UG	1G/U	At the beginning of combat on your turn, up to one target Shrine you control becomes a creature in addition to its other types with base power and toughness 3/3 until end of turn. If you control three or more Shrines, it has base power and toughness 6/6 instead.			normal	TRX		adjusted: Now targets a Shrine rather than a creature.REPLACEMEShrine to Mogis	BR	uncommon	Legendary Enchantment — Shrine 	254	BR	1B/R	At the beginning of combat on your turn, Shrine to Mogis deals 1 damage to each opponent. If you control three or more Shrines, Shrine to Mogis deals 3 damage to each opponent instead.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEShrine to Pharika	BG	uncommon	Legendary Enchantment — Shrine 	264	BG	3B/G	At the beginning of combat on your turn, up to one target creature or Shrine gains deathtouch until end of turn. If you control three or more Shrines, other creatures you control also gain deathtouch until end of turn.			normal	TRX		reworked: Was {3}{B/G} with At the beginning of combat on your turn, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. If you control three or more Shrines, instead put two +1/+1 counters on that creature instead.REPLACEMEShrine to Phenax	UB	uncommon	Legendary Enchantment — Shrine 	253	UB	U/B	At the beginning of combat on your turn, each opponent mills two cards. If you control three or more Shrines, scry 2.			normal	TRX		nerfed: Was If you control three or more Shrines, you may exile one of those cards. You may cast that card as long as it remains exiled, and mana of any type can be spent to cast that spell.REPLACEMEGarden of Shrines		uncommon	Land	282	C		T: Add C.
T: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast Shrine spells or activate abilities of Shrines.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEOmen of Victory	W	common	Enchantment	27	W	1W	Flash
When Omen of Victory enters, create a 0/0 white Army creature token, then put two +1/+1 counters on it.
2W, Sacrifice Omen of Victory: Scry 2.			normal	TRX		omen cycle REPLACEMEOmen of Deception	U	common	Enchantment	65	U	1U	Flash
When Omen of Deception enters, counter target spell unless its controller pays 2.
2U, Sacrifice Omen of Deception: Scry 2.			normal	TRX		omen cycleREPLACEMEOmen of Slaughter	B	common	Enchantment	103	B	1B	Flash
When Omen of Slaughter enters, each opponent sacrifices a creature or planeswalker.
2B, Sacrifice Omen of Slaughter: Scry 2.			normal	TRX		omen cycleREPLACEMEOmen of Storms	R	common	Enchantment	146	R	1R	Flash
When Omen of Storms enters, discard a card, then draw two cards.
2R, Sacrifice Omen of Storms: Scry 2.			normal	TRX		omen cycle
KeranosREPLACEMEOmen of Horizons	G	common	Enchantment	187	G	1G	Flash
When Omen of Horizons enters, put two +1/+1 counters on target creature you control.
2G, Sacrifice Omen of Horizons: Scry 2.			normal	TRX		Omen cycleREPLACEMEOrdeal of Athreos	W	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	28	W	2W	Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it. Then if it has three or more +1/+1 counters on it, sacrifice Ordeal of Athreos.
When you sacrifice Ordeal of Athreos, return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	TRX		Ordeal CycleREPLACEMEOrdeal of Ephara	U	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	67	U	2U	Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it. Then if it has three or more +1/+1 counters on it, sacrifice Ordeal of Ephara.
When you sacrifice Ordeal of Ephara, return up to two target nonland permanents to their owner’s hand. 			normal	TRX		Ordeal CycleREPLACEMEOrdeal of Pharika	B	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	104	B	2B	Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it. Then if it has three or more +1/+1 counters on it, sacrifice Ordeal of Pharika.
Whenever you sacrifice Ordeal of Pharika, creatures your opponents control get -2/-2 until end of turn.			normal	TRX		Ordeal CycleREPLACEMEOrdeal of Karda	R	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	147	R	1R	Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it. Then if it has three or more +1/+1 counters on it, sacrifice Ordeal of Karda.
Whenever you sacrifice Ordeal of Karda, creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn.			normal	TRX		Ordeal CycleREPLACEMEOrdeal of Karametra	G	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	188	G	1G	Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it. Then if it has three or more +1/+1 counters on it, sacrifice Ordeal of Karametra.
Whenever you sacrifice Ordeal of Karametra, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control. Untap them.			normal	TRX		Ordeal CycleREPLACEMECybele of the Frozen Faith	BG	rare	Legendary Creature — Gorgon Cleric 	236	BG	2BG	Deathtouch
Ward—Pay 4 life.
Whenever Cybele of the Frozen Faith deals combat damage to a player, you may skip your next turn. If you do, at the beginning of your next turn’s upkeep, each opponent discards their hand, you draw seven cards, then put seven +1/+1 counters on Cybele.	4/5		normal	TRX		Sabotuers deathtouchREPLACEMEKarda's Emmisary	WR	common	Enchantment	266	WR	2R/WR/W	Karda’s Emmisary is a 5/5 Illusion enchantment creature as long as you control three or more enchantments.			normal	TRX		Go wide EnchantmentsREPLACEMETraveler's Amulet		common	Artifact	278	C	1	1, Sacrifice Traveler’s Amulet: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	TRX		Smoking StrandREPLACEMEAnvilwrought Crane		common	Artifact Creature — Bird 	270	C	3	Flying
When Anvilwrought Crane dies, create a Weapon token. (It’s an Equipment artifact with equip 2 and “Equipped creature gets +1/+1.”)	2/1		normal	TRX		Stymphalian  birdsREPLACEMEChromatic Hart		common	Artifact Creature — Elk 	271	C	3	When Chromatic Hart enters, you may exile target card from a graveyard.
T: Add one mana of any color.	2/1		normal	TRX		REPLACEMELeonin Hoplite	W	common	Creature — Cat Soldier 	22	W	W	Whenever Leonin Hoplite attacks, if you control a legendary creature, it gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.	1/1		normal	TRX		REPLACEMETerramorphic Expanse		common	Land	299	C		T, Sacrifice Terramorphic Expanse: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMERead the Tides	U	common	Sorcery	68	U	5U	Choose one —
• Draw three cards.
• Return up to two target creatures to their owners’ hands.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEShatter the Reflection	G	common	Enchantment — Aura 	195	G	1G	Enchant creature you control
When Shatter the Reflection enters, you may destroy target artifact or enchantment.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+0 and has deathtouch.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEFight the Tides	G	common	Sorcery	176	G	G	Choose one or both —
• Target Kraken, Leviathan, Octopus, or Serpent creature you control gets +2/+1 until end of turn.
• Target creature you control fights target creature you don’t control.			normal	TRX		seamonsterREPLACEMEArasta's Burden	G	common	Enchantment — Aura 	165	G	2G	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3 and has reach.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEMonstrous Challenge	R	common	Instant	145	R	R	Target creature gains first strike and gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is your devotion to red. (Each R in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to red.)			normal	TRX		Combat Trick CycleREPLACEMEFlame Lash	R	common	Instant	134	R	3R	Flame Lash deals 4 damage to any target.			normal	TRX		ReprintREPLACEMEPetros, Purphoros's Double	R	rare	Legendary Enchantment Creature — Artificer 	148	R	RRRR	Trample
Petros’s power is equal to your devotion to red. (Each R in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to red.)
Whenever Petros deals combat damage to a player, create an X/X colorless enchantment artifact creature token named Follower, where X is the amount of damage dealt.	*/4		normal	TRX		All mana cycleREPLACEMEErase from Reality	W	uncommon	Instant	17	W	1W	Exile target nonland permanent if its mana value is less than or equal to your devotion to white. (Each W in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to white.)			normal	TRX		removalREPLACEMEAgent of Deception	U	uncommon	Creature — Merfolk Rogue 	43	U	1U	Flash
When Agent of Deception enters, counter target creature or planeswalker spell unless its controller pays X, where X is your devotion to blue. (Each U in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to blue.)	1/1		normal	TRX		Designer: MakoREPLACEMEGray Merchant of Asphodel	B	uncommon	Creature — Zombie 	91	B	3BB	When Gray Merchant of Asphodel enters, each opponent loses X life, where X is your devotion to black. You gain life equal to the life lost this way. (Each B in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to black.)	2/4		normal	TRX		ReprintREPLACEMENylea's Call	G	uncommon	Sorcery	185	G	1G	Put a number of +1/+1 counters on target creature equal to your devotion to green. (Each G in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to green.)			normal	TRX		REPLACEMETerror of Olantin	G	uncommon	Creature — Serpent Hydra 	202	G	3GG	When Terror of Olantin enters, create a number of 1/1 blue Tentacle creature tokens equal to your devotion to green. (Each G in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to green.)	2/1		normal	TRX		Seamonster 
KLOSREPLACEMEFall into the Underworld	B	common	Sorcery	89	B	2B	Choose one —
• Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a card from it. That player discards that card.
• Target opponent sacrifices a creature or enchantment.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEAgent of Pharika	B	common	Enchantment Creature — Gorgon Warrior 	83	B	1BB	Flying, deathtouch	2/2		normal	TRX		Story Spotlight 3REPLACEMERite of Venom	B	common	Instant	116	B	B	Target creature you control gains deathtouch until end of turn. When that creature dies this turn, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMENyxborn Retriever	B	common	Enchantment Creature — Dog 	102	B	4B	Whenever Nyxborn Retriever attacks, if defending player has eight or more cards in their graveyard, Nyxborn Retriever gets +2/+1 and gains menace until end of turn.	4/5		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEPlead to Erebos	B	common	Sorcery	110	B	1B	Each player mills two cards. When you do, return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEPoisoned Strike	B	common	Instant	111	B	1B	Poisoned Strike deals 3 damage to target creature. That creature’s controller mills three cards.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMETravel Through the Mystic Sea	U	uncommon	Instant	77	U	2UU	This spell costs 2 less to cast if your devotion to blue is three or greater. (Each U in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to blue.)
Scry 2, then draw two cards.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEShoreline Crasher	U	common	Creature — Kraken 	69	U	4UU	Defender
Shoreline Crasher gets +2/+0 and can attack as though it didn’t have defender as long as it is enchanted.	5/7		normal	TRX		Seamonster 
KLOSREPLACEMEEbb and Flow	U	common	Instant	50	U	U	Scry 1, then draw a card. If you control a Kraken, Leviathan, Octopus, or Serpent, instead scry 3, then draw a card.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEMisbegotten Aims	U	common	Instant	62	U	1U	Return target creature or enchantment to its owner’s hand. If that permanent’s controller has eight or more cards in their graveyard, its owner puts it on the top or bottom of their library instead.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMELeonin Phalanx	W	common	Creature — Cat Soldier Army 	23	W	3W	Vigilance
Leonin Phalanx’s power is equal to your devotion to white. (Each W in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to white.)	*/4		normal	TRX		REPLACEMESpear of the Sun-Crowned	W	common	Creature — Centaur Soldier 	34	W	1W	Whenever Spear of the Sun-Crowned attacks, if you control two or more enchanted creatures, it gains lifelink until end of turn.	3/1		normal	TRX		REPLACEMETraxian General	W	common	Creature — Cat Soldier 	37	W	1WW	Lifelink
When Traxian General enters, create a 0/0 white Army creature token. Put a +1/+1 counter on each Army you control.	2/2		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEDedicated Charge	W	common	Sorcery	14	W	2W	Enchanted creatures you control get +2/+2 until end of turn. Other creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn.			normal	TRX		Story Spotlight 7
Twelve Warriors flavor OR Koios Claes FTREPLACEMEEphara's Messenger	W	common	Enchantment Creature — Griffin 	15	W	1W	Flying, first strike, vigilance	1/2		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEZodiac Griffin	U	common	Enchantment Creature — Griffin 	82	U	2U	Flying
Whenever you draw your second card each turn, tap target nonland permanent.	2/2		normal	TRX		REPLACEMECoward-Eater	B	common	Creature — Minotaur Warrior 	87	B	2B	2, Sacrifice another creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Coward-Eater. Draw a card.	2/2		normal	TRX		REPLACEMESkophos Trainee	R	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	158	R	2R	Menace
Whenever your Champion attacks, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.	3/2		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEClash of the Titans	G	common	Instant	171	G	3G	This spell costs 2 less to cast if the creature you control it targets has power 4 or greater.
Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. It deals damage to another target creature equal to its power.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMESoul-Guide Lantern		common	Artifact	276	C	1	When Soul-Guide Lantern enters, exile target card from a graveyard.
T, Sacrifice Soul-Guide Lantern: Exile each opponent’s graveyard.
1, T, Sacrifice Soul-Guide Lantern: Draw a card.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEBringer of Heliod's Light	W	uncommon	Creature — Archon 	8	W	2WW	Flying
When Bringer of Heliod’s Light enters, you may bless target creature. (Create a token copy of this creature’s blessing attached to that permanent.)	3/1		modal double faced	TRX		Blinded by Divinity	W	Enchantment — Aura Blessing 	W	1W	(You may also cast this side from your hand.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can’t attack or block.				RemovalREPLACEMELife Begins Anew	R	uncommon	Sorcery	143	R	2R	This spell costs 2 less to cast if you attacked with a legendary creature this turn.
Exile the top two cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards.			normal	TRX		Story Spotlight 8
Koios
As his god was torn asunder, Koios questioned his entire world, from Theros to Claes.  How small was everything in a multiverse so vast?REPLACEMEAshlands Phoenix	R	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Phoenix 	127	R	2RR	Flying, haste
Whenever you cast a spell that targets a creature you control, you may return Ashlands Phoenix from your graveyard to your hand.	3/2		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEMomentary Petrification	U	common	Instant	63	U	3U	Tap up to two target creatures. Put a stun counter on each of them. (If a permanent with a stun counter would become untapped, remove one from it instead.)			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEArchon of the Legion	W	uncommon	Creature — Archon 	5	W	3WW	Flying
Favored (At the beginning of your combat, you may have a nonlegendary creature you control get +1/+1 and become legendary and named “The Champion.”)
Whenever your Champion attacks, create a 0/0 white Army creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on each Army you control.	3/3		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEFall of Olantin	W	rare	Instant	18	W	WWWW	Destroy all creatures.			normal	TRX		All Mana CycleREPLACEMENikon's Aegis	W	rare	Enchantment — Aura 	26	W	2W	Enchant creature you control
All damage that would be dealt to you is dealt to enchanted creature instead.
If a source would deal damage to enchanted creature, if you control three or more enchantments, prevent 1 of that damage.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEDeception's Edge	B	rare	Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	88	B	1BB	You may cast this spell as though it had flash by sacrificing a creature in addition to its other costs. If you do, when it enters, attach it to target creature you control.
Equipped creature gets +2/+0 and has “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, that player discards a card.”
Equip—Pay 2 life.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEEventide Coronet	G	rare	Enchantment — Aura 	174	G	GG	Enchant creature with another Aura attached to it
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3 and has trample, vigilance, and reach.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMETymaret, Bane of Phenax	BR	rare	Legendary Creature — Zombie Ranger 	217	BR	3BR	At the beginning of each player’s upkeep, that player sacrifices a non-Zombie creature.
Whenever a player sacrifices a creature, Tymaret, Bane of Phenax deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.	3/3		normal	TRX		specialREPLACEMESculpture		common	Token Artifact Creature — Sculpture 	18	C			0/1		token	TRX		!related Patron of Ephara’s Glory;REPLACEMEWeapon		common	Token Artifact — Equipment Weapon 	20	C		Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Equip 2			token	TRX		!related Arena Champion;Anvilwrought CraneREPLACEMETreasure		common	Token Artifact — Treasure 	19	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color. 			token	TRX		!related Behemoth of the Five Rivers<2>;Keeper of the Scale;Apprentice of the Forge-God<X>;Eidolon of Empty Thoughts;Raider’s Blessing;Skophos Raid-Veteran;Pidae Raider;Mogis’s Judgment<2>;Raksolcs Ravage-Soul;Implacable Shrine-Guard;REPLACEMEArmy	W	common	Token Creature — Army 	2	W			0/0		token	TRX		!related Agnomakhos Justice;Archon of the Legion;The Army of Trax<3>;The Army of Trax<X>;Claes, Shield of Karda;Claes, Melded Spark;Command from the Front;Omen of Victory;Traxian General;Shrine to Iroas;REPLACEMEHuman	W	common	Token Creature — Human 	3	W			1/1		token	TRX		!related The Fall of Trax<2>;Shrine to Heliod<X>;The Founding of the Twelve;Harmony with Nature;Skola Nyxweaver;Iroas’s Judgment<4>;Shrine to Karametra;Shrine to Karametra<2>;Implacable Shrine-GuardREPLACEMESnake	B	common	Token Creature — Snake 	10	B		Deathtouch	1/1		token	TRX		!related Pharika, Snake-Twined;Pharika’s JudgmentREPLACEMETentacle	U	common	Token Creature — Tentacle 	6	U			1/1		token	TRX		!related Terror of Olantin<X>;REPLACEMESoldier	R	common	Token Creature — Soldier 	13	R			2/1		token	TRX		
!related Eidolon of Empty Thoughts;Karda’s Legacy;Rally the Hoplites<2>;REPLACEMEFollower		common	Token Enchantment Artifact Creature	17	C			X/X		token	TRX		!related Petros, Purphoros’s Double;REPLACEMEZombie	B	common	Token Creature — Zombie 	11	B			2/2		token	TRX		!related New Recruit;Kakomanties Circle<2>;Rite of Venom;REPLACEMEWizard	U	common	Token Creature — Wizard 	9	U		Prowess	1/1		token	TRX		!related Meeting of the Minds<2>;REPLACEMEKraken	U	common	Token Creature — Kraken 	5	U			8/8		token	TRX		!related Tide’s Ire;REPLACEMETromokratis	U	common	Token Legendary Creature — Kraken 	7	U		Trample, hexproof	20/20		token	TRX		!related Tide’s Ire;REPLACEMECentaur	G	common	Token Creature — Centaur 	14	G		Vigilance	3/3		token	TRX		!related Traxian Calvary<2>;REPLACEMEGrim Physician	B	common	Creature — Zombie 	92	B	B	When Grim Physician dies, target creature an opponent controls gets -1/-1 until end of turn.	1/1		normal	TRX		ReprintREPLACEMEDragon	R	common	Token Enchantment Creature — Dragon 	12	R		Flying	5/5		token	TRX		!related Thraxes, Sire of Dragons;REPLACEMECharging Brightmare	W	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Unicorn 	9	W	1W	4W, Exile Charging Brightmare from your graveyard: Bless target creature. Activate only as a sorcery. (Create a token copy of this creature’s blessing attached to that permanent.)	2/2		modal double faced	TRX		Blessings of the Flock	W	Enchantment — Aura Blessing 	W	1WW	(You may also cast this side from your hand.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has flying.
Whenever enchanted creature dies, create a 2/2 white Pegasus creature token with flying.				REPLACEMECallaphe the Mariner	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Scout 	46	U	U	Callaphe can’t be blocked by creatures with mana value 4 or greater.
Whenever Callaphe the Mariner deals combat damage to a player, you get an experience counter. Then if you have three or more experience counters, bless target player. (Create a token copy of this creature’s blessing attached to that permanent.)	1/2		modal double faced	TRX		Blessing of the Sea	U	Enchantment — Aura Blessing 	U	6UU	(You may also cast this side from your hand.)
Enchant player
Enchanted player may cast blue spells with mana value less than or equal to their devotion to blue without paying their mana costs. (Each U in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to blue.)				REPLACEMELurking Vyrkolakas	B	uncommon	Creature — Vampire Beast 	98	B	1B	Whenever Lurking Vyrkolakas attacks, exile target card from a graveyard. If a nonland card was exiled this way, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. If a land card was exiled this way, this creature gains lifelink until end of turn.	2/2		normal	TRX		reworked: Was 1/1 with lifelink and ’Whenever Lurking Vyrkolakas enters or attacks, target player exiles a card from their graveyard. If a nonland card was exiled this way, put a +1/+1 counter on Lurking Vyrkolakas and you gain 1 life.’REPLACEMEArena Champion	R	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	126	R	2R	Trample
Whenever Arena Champion attacks, create a Weapon token, then attach it to an attacking creature you control. (It’s an Equipment artifact with equip 2 and “Equipped creature gets +1/+1.”)	2/2		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEBelief-Belying Beast	G	uncommon	Creature — Chimera 	167	G	1GG	At the beginning of combat of your turn, Belief-Belying Beast gains flying until end of turn if you control a creature with flying. The same is true for first strike, double strike, deathtouch, haste, hexproof, indestructible, lifelink, menace, reach, trample, and vigilance.	3/3		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEPegasus	W	common	Token Creature — Pegasus 	4	W		Flying	2/2		token	TRX		!related Blessings of the Flock;Charging Brightmare;REPLACEMEQuality Time	W	rare	Enchantment	31	W	1WW	Whenever you attack with exactly two creatures, draw a card. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to creatures you control this turn.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEChrolcatos, Pidae's Founder	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Gorgon Zombie 	86	B	2B	You may cast this spell without paying its mana cost if your devotion to black is four or greater. (Each B in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to black.)
Deathtouch
Whenever Chrolcatos deals combat damage to player, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.	3/1		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEKarda's Legacy	R	rare	Enchantment	141	R	2R	As Karda’s Legacy enters, choose Iroas or Mogis.
• Iroas — Whenever you attack, create a 2/1 red Soldier creature token that’s tapped and attacking. 
• Mogis — Whenever a nontoken creature you control enters or dies, Karda’s Legacy deals 1 damage to each opponent.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEMenelaia, Beloved Lyrist	G	rare	Legendary Enchantment Creature — Demigod 	182	G	2GG	When Menelaia enters, put a +1/+1 counter on up to three target creatures.
Whenever a creature you control with a counter on it becomes the target of a spell or ability you control, that creature gains hexproof and trample until end of turn.	3/3		normal	TRX		REPLACEMETide's Ire	U	uncommon	Enchantment	75	U	1U	Whenever you cast a creature spell, put X depth counters on Tide’s Ire, where X is that spell’s mana value.
Remove ten depth counters from Tide’s Ire: Create an 8/8 blue Kraken creature token.
Remove thirty depth counters from Tide’s Ire: Create Tromokratis, a legendary 20/20 blue Kraken creature token with trample and hexproof.			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEEphara's Judgment	WU	rare	Instant	209	WU	1WU	Choose one. If your devotion to white is three or greater, you may choose another. The same is true for devotion to blue.
• Counter target spell.
• Target player draws a card.
• Target player gains 4 life.			normal	TRX		Charm CycleREPLACEMEPhenax's Judgment	UB	rare	Sorcery	212	UB	UB	Choose one. If your devotion to blue is three or greater, you may choose another. The same is true for devotion to black.
• Target player mills eight cards.
• You gain 1 life for each card type among cards in your opponents’ graveyards.
• Draw a card.			normal	TRX		Charm CycleREPLACEMEMogis's Judgment	BR	rare	Sorcery	215	BR	1BR	Choose one. If your devotion to black is three or greater, you may choose another. The same is true for devotion to red.
• Create two tapped Treasure tokens.
• Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn.
• Choose a nonland permanent type. Each opponent sacrifices a permanent of that type.			normal	TRX		Charm CycleREPLACEMEKlothys's Judgment	RG	rare	Instant	219	RG	1RG	Choose one. If your devotion to green is three or greater, you may choose another. The same is true for devotion to red.
• Put two +1/+1 counters on target creature.
• Target creature you control fights target creature you don’t control.
• Klothys’s Judgment deals 3 damage to target player.			normal	TRX		Charm CycleREPLACEMEKarametra's Judgment	WG	rare	Instant	223	WG	GW	Choose one. If your devotion to green is three or greater, you may choose another. The same is true for devotion to white.
• Permanents you control gain hexproof until end of turn.
• Create a token that’s a copy of an Aura you control.
• Each opponent sacrifices a creature with power 4 or greater.			normal	TRX		Charm CycleREPLACEMEAthreos's Judgment	WB	rare	Sorcery	228	WB	3WB	Choose one. If your devotion to white is three or greater, you may choose another. The same is true for devotion to black.
• Each opponent loses 4 life and you gain 4 life.
• Destroy all creatures with mana value 3 or less.
• Return up to two creature cards from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	TRX		Charm CycleREPLACEMEKeranos's Judgment	UR	rare	Instant	231	UR	1UR	Choose one. If your devotion to blue is three or greater, you may choose another. The same is true for devotion to red.
• Return target sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.
• Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.
• Destroy target artifact.			normal	TRX		Charm CycleREPLACEMEPharika's Judgment	BG	rare	Instant	238	BG	1BG	Choose one. If your devotion to green is three or greater, you may choose another. The same is true for devotion to black.
• Create a 1/1 black Snake creature token with deathtouch.
• Creatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn.
• Prevent all damage that would be dealt to you this turn.			normal	TRX		Charm CycleREPLACEMEIroas's Judgment	WR	rare	Sorcery	243	WR	3RW	Choose one. If your devotion to red is three or greater, you may choose another. The same is true for devotion to white.
• Create four 1/1 white Human creature tokens.
• Creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain haste until end of turn.
• Opponents can’t cast spells or activate abilities that aren’t mana abilities this turn.			normal	TRX		Charm CycleREPLACEMEKruphix's Judgment	UG	rare	Instant	246	UG	3GU	Choose one. If your devotion to green is three or greater, you may choose another. The same is true for devotion to blue.
• Create two tapped tokens that are a copy of a land you control.
• Draw three cards.
• Untap up to three lands you control.			normal	TRX		Charm CycleREPLACEMEPull of Tizerus	B	common	Enchantment — Aura 	112	B	B	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -X/-X, where X is your devotion to black. (Each B in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to black.)			normal	TRX		REPLACEMEVoyage to the Siren Sea	U	rare	Enchantment — Aura 	80	U	U	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+0 and can’t be blocked.
5U, Exile Voyage to the Siren Sea from your graveyard or the battlefield: Draw three cards. This ability costs 1 less for each creature you control that dealt combat damage to an opponent this turn.			normal	TRX		nerfed: AA was {3}{U}{U}, Exile Voyage to the Siren Sea from your graveyard or the battlefield: Take an extra turn after this one. Activate only as a sorcery and only if two or more creatures you control dealt combat damage to an opponent this turn.REPLACEMEThe Champion		common	Token Reminder	1	C					token	TRX		REPLACEMEUnmarked Shrine	U	common	Token Enchantment — Shrine 	8	U		At the beginning of your upkeep, each opponent mills a card.			token	TRX		!related Lost to Memory<X>;REPLACEMEIara, Blessed-Hart	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	21	W	1WW	Favored (At the beginning of your combat, you may have a nonlegendary creature you control get +1/+1 and become legendary and named “The Champion.”)
Whenever Iara, Blessed-Hart attacks, Iara and another target attacking creature gain double strike until end of turn.	2/2		normal	TRX		"Seven Warriors"REPLACEMETrinity of Fates	U	rare	Creature — Human Wizard 	78	U	UUU	The first spell you cast each turn costs 2 less to cast.
The second spell you cast each turn can’t be countered.
Whenever you cast your third spell each turn, draw a card.	3/3		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEHost of the Neverending Revel	B	rare	Creature — Satyr Noble 	94	B	2BB	Ward—Sacrifice a permanent. (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player sacrifices a permanent.)
Whenever Host of the Neverending Revel enters or attacks, each player sacrifices a nonland, nontoken permanent. For each player who doesn’t, you draw a card.	4/4		normal	TRX		REPLACEMEEfimia of the Horse	R	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	130	R	R	Haste
Whenever you cast a spell that targets Efimia of the Horse, create a 1/1 white Human creature token if this is the first time this ability has resolved this turn. If it’s the second time, creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain haste until end of turn. If it’s the third time, creatures you control gain menace until end of turn.	1/1		normal	TRX		"Seven Warriors"
 nerfed: Removed Ward-Pay 2 life.REPLACEMEEvridiki, Queen of Pidae	G	rare	Legendary Creature — Gorgon Noble 	175	G	1G	Deathtouch
Other Gorgons, Snakes, and Basilisks you control get +1/+1.
Whenever a creature with deathtouch you control deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, create a Treasure token.	2/1		normal	TRX		buffed: Trigger now includes herself.sREPLACEMEWolf	G	common	Token Creature — Wolf 	16	G			2/2		token	TRX		!related Fable of Tooth and Fur<3>;REPLACEMESnake	G	common	Token Creature — Snake 	15	G			1/1		token	TRX		!related Pharika, Snake-Twined;REPLACEMEEphara, Hero-Maker	WU	special	Legendary Enchantment Creature — God 	0	WU	1WU	Indestructible
As long as your devotion to white and blue is less than seven, Ephara isn’t a creature.
Whenever you cast an enchantment spell, draw a card.	4/4		normal	TRX		!design Zangy
!promoREPLACEMEKoios, Spear of Karda	R	special	Legendary Enchantment Planeswalker — Koios 	0	R	RRRR			Koios, Spear of Karda enters with a number of additional loyalty counters on him equal to your devotion to red. (He doesn’t count himself.)
[+1]: Exile the top three cards of your library. You may cast one of them.
[-3]: Koios deals damage to any nonplayer target equal to your devotion to red.
[-X]: Choose up to X target creatures with total mana value X or less. For each creature chosen this way, create a token that’s a copy of it, except it has haste. Sacrifice those tokens at the beginning of the next end step.	planeswalker	TRX	4	!design Zangy
!promoREPLACEMEOmen of Slaughter	B	special	Enchantment	0	B	1B	Flash
When Omen of Slaughter enters, each opponent sacrifices a creature or planeswalker.
2B, Sacrifice Omen of Slaughter: Scry 2.			normal	TRX		!design Zangy
!promoREPLACEMEElektes, First King of Akros	WR	special	Legendary Enchantment Creature — Demigod 	0	WR	1RW	As long as it’s your turn, Elektes has first strike.
At the beginning of combat on your turn, target creature you control gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is your devotion to red and white.	1/3		normal	TRX		!design Zangy
!promoREPLACEMEPull of Tizerus	B	special	Enchantment — Aura 	0	B	B	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -X/-X, where X is your devotion to black.			normal	TRX		!design Zangy
!promoREPLACEMEShrine to Those Forgotten		special	Enchantment Artifact — Shrine 	0	C	2	Shrine to Those Forgotten enters tapped.
1, T: Add X mana is any combination of colors, where X is the number of Shrines you control.			normal	TRX		!design Zangy
!promoREPLACEME