Wizard Role	UR	common	Token Enchantment — Aura Role 	13	UR		(A creature can only have one role attached to it.)
Enchant creature you control
Enchanted creature is a Wizard creature with base power and toughness 2/2 and has prowess.			token	ACT		!related Cerulean Curtain Treasurer;Crafty Escape;Melodrama in a Bottle;Newswright;Push to the Background;A Tale of the Boastful Sailor;Tuesdays First Victim;Backdrop Artisan;Festival Sabotage;An Invitation to High Rollers;Opera in a Bottle;Shining Showstopper;Swiftwheel Slayers;Verdant Curtain Prodigy;REPLACEMECleric Role	WB	common	Token Enchantment — Aura Role 	7	WB		(A creature can only have one role attached to it.)
Enchant creature you control
Enchanted creature is a Cleric creature with base power and toughness 2/2 and has lifelink.			token	ACT		!related Comedy in a Bottle; Daydream;A Delightful Afternoon;Leading Clergy;Runaway Princess;Second-Stage Actress;Seraph of the Stage;Bring the Spotlight;Conclude;Dastardly Duo;Sculpt the Scene;That Fateful Tuesday;Tragedy in a Bottle;Verdant Curtain Prodigy;REPLACEMEScout Role	WG	common	Token Enchantment — Aura Role 	10	WG		(A creature can only have one role attached to it.)
Enchant creature you control
Enchanted creature is a Scout creature with base power and toughness 2/3 and has vigilance.			token	ACT		!related Comedy in a Bottle;Daydream;A Delightful Afternoon;Leading Clergy;Runaway Princess;Second-Stage Actress;Seraph of the Stage;Ballet in a Bottle;The Investigation of Dr Vaughn;Jerrolds Descent;Prop Work;Strength of Character;Verdant Curtain Prodigy;Verdant Curtain Veteran;Flowering Gardens;REPLACEMEWarlock Role	UB	common	Token Enchantment — Aura Role 	11	UB		(A creature can only have one role attached to it.)
Enchant creature you control
Enchanted creature is a Warlock creature with base power and toughness 2/1 and has flying.			token	ACT		!related Cerulean Curtain Treasurer;Crafty Escape;Melodrama in a Bottle;Newswright;Push to the Background;A Tale of the Boastful Sailor;Tuesdays First Victim;Bring the Spotlight;Conclude;Dastardly Duo;Sculpt the Scene;That Fateful Tuesday;Tragedy in a Bottle;Verdant Curtain Prodigy;REPLACEMEWarrior Role	RG	common	Token Enchantment — Aura Role 	12	RG		(A creature can only have one role attached to it.)
Enchant creature you control
Enchanted creature is a Warrior creature with base power and toughness 3/2 and has trample.			token	ACT		!related Backdrop Artisan;Festival Sabotage;An Invitation to High Rollers;Opera in a Bottle;Shining Showstopper;Swiftwheel Slayers;Ballet in a Bottle;The Investigation of Dr Vaughn;Jerrolds Descent;Prop Work;Strength of Character;Verdant Curtain Prodigy;Verdant Curtain Veteran;Flowering Gardens;REPLACEMEConstruct Actor		common	Token Creature — Construct Actor 	2	C			1/1		token	ACT		!related Comedy in a Bottle;Comedy in a Bottle<2>;Comedy in a Bottle<3>;Comedy in a Bottle<4>;Daydream;A Delightful Afternoon;Expendable Victim;Holding Out for a Hero<3>;Hope Spot;Ivory Curtain Producer;Ivory Curtain Roleweaver;Leading Clergy;Radiant Lead;Runaway Princess;Second-Stage Actress;Seraph of the Stage;Cerulean Curtain Treasurer;Crafty Escape;Melodrama in a Bottle;Melodrama in a Bottle<2>;Melodrama in a Bottle<3>;Melodrama in a Bottle<4>;Newswright;Push to the Background;A Tale of the Boastful Sailor;Tuesdays First Victim;Bring the Spotlight;Conclude;Dastardly Duo;Sculpt the Scene;That Fateful Tuesday;Tragedy in a Bottle;Tragedy in a Bottle <2>;Tragedy in a Bottle<3>;Tragedy in a Bottle<4>;Backdrop Artisan;Festival Sabotage;An Invitation to High Rollers;Opera in a Bottle;Opera in a Bottle<2>;Opera in a Bottle<3>;Opera in a Bottle<4>;Shining Showstopper;Swiftwheel Slayers;Ballet in a Bottle;Ballet in a Bottle<2>;Ballet in a Bottle<3>;Ballet in a Bottle<4>;Crocheted Buddy;The Disappearance of Faye;The Investigation of Dr Vaughn;Jerrolds Descent;Jerrold’s Descent<2>;Prop Work;Strength of Character;Verdant Curtain Prodigy;Verdant Curtain Veteran;Wild Entourage<2>;Assemble the Heroes<3>;Percy, Master of Puppets;The Rejection of the Fair Prince<2>;Lapinized Caster<2>;Lethal Storyboarding<3>;Swan Dance<2>;Performers of Purpose;Pensive Supporter;Sophie’s Final Wish<4>;Flowering Gardens;REPLACEMESeraph of the Stage	W	rare	Creature — Construct Angel 	29	W	2WW	Flying
Whenever you cycle Seraph of the Stage or it attacks, audition for white. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Scout Role giving 2/3 and vigilance, or a Cleric Role giving 2/2 and lifelink. Roles replace older ones.)
Basic landcycling 1W (1W, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	4/4		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEGrand Historian	G	rare	Creature — Construct Druid 	146	G	1G	Vigilance
Whenever the final chapter ability of a Saga you control resolves, you may return a non-Saga card at random from your graveyard to your hand.	1/4		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEMourning Lady Faye	G	common	Instant	157	G	1G	Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEGrasp of the Stageless	G	rare	Creature — Spirit 	147	G	10GG	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each counter on permanents you control.
Trample
GG, Remove ten counters from among permanents you control, and exile Grasp of the Stageless from your graveyard: Create a token that’s a copy of Grasp of the Stageless. Activate only as a sorcery.	8/8		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEProp Custodian	W	uncommon	Creature — Construct Actor 	22	W	W	Whenever Prop Custodian becomes the target of a spell or becomes enchanted for the first time each turn, audition for white. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Scout Role giving 2/3 and vigilance, or a Cleric Role giving 2/2 and lifelink. Roles replace older ones.)	1/1		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEOff-Set Rumormonger	B	uncommon	Creature — Construct Citizen 	92	B	2B	Whenever you cast a spell, note its colors.
At the beginning of combat on your turn, up to X target creatures get +2/+0 and gain menace until end of turn, where X is the number of colors noted with Off-Set Rumormonger.	3/1		normal	ACT		REPLACEMESteal the Show	G	rare	Instant	161	G	1GG	Create a 3/3 black Demon Horror creature token.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMESkyward Dreamers	U	uncommon	Creature — Construct Actor 	59	U	3U	Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Skyward Dreamers unless you remove a counter from a permanent you control.	4/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEEncouraging Bulwark	G	uncommon	Creature — Construct Warrior 	144	G	4GG	Whenever Encouraging Bulwark attacks, you may put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control that has counters on it or is enchanted.	6/6		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEWayward Bloodseeker	R	uncommon	Creature — Vampire Horror 	134	R	4R	When Wayward Bloodseeker enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature you control. When you do, Wayward Bloodseeker deals damage to any target equal to the number of permanents you control with counters on them.	4/4		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEXiyue Firelighters	R	uncommon	Creature — Construct Actor 	136	R	3R	Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player or planeswalker, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.	3/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEMinnows Accomplice	U	uncommon	Creature — Construct Pirate 	51	U	1U	2U, Remove a counter from a permanent you control: Choose one. Activate only as a sorcery.
• If a lore counter was removed this way, put a +1/+1 counter on Minnow’s Accomplice.
• If a +1/+1 counter was removed this way, draw a card.	1/3		normal	ACT		!exportname Minnows AccompliceREPLACEMETimeless Rehearsal	R	uncommon	Instant	133	R	2R	When you cast your next instant or sorcery spell this turn, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEStrikebreaker	U	uncommon	Creature — Construct Actor 	61	U	2U	You may have Strikebreaker enter the battlefield as a copy of a non-Aura enchantment you control, except it’s a 2/2 Construct Actor creature in addition to its types.	2/2		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEDreadful Gorgon	B	common	Creature — Gorgon Horror 	79	B	1B	Deathtouch
Whenever Dreadful Gorgon attacks, target attacking creature with lesser power gains deathtouch until end of turn.	2/1		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEVerdant Curtain Mascot	G	common	Creature — Construct Boar 	166	G	1G	When Verdant Curtain Mascot enters the battlefield, choose one —
• You gain 2 life.
• Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	1/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEBanished Prophet	U	common	Creature — Construct Wizard 	36	U	2U	When Banished Prophet enters the battlefield, you may remove a counter from a permanent you control. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on another target creature you control.	3/2		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEUnraveller of Mysteries	U	common	Creature — Construct Faerie 	68	U	U	Flying
When Unraveller of Mysteries enters the battlefield, mill two cards.	0/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEDramatic Understudy	R	common	Creature — Construct Actor 	110	R	1R	Prowess
At the beginning of combat on your turn, if a permanent you control left the battlefield this turn, target creature can’t block this turn.	2/1		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEProp Work	G	common	Enchantment — Aura 	158	G	2G	Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature attacks, audition for green. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Scout Role giving 2/3 and vigilance, or a Warrior Role giving 3/2 and trample. Roles replace older ones.)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEJerrolds Descent	G	common	Sorcery	150	G	2G	Audition for green, then audition for green. (To audition for green, create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token or a green Role Aura token on a creature you control, which can be 2/3 Scout with vigilance or a 3/2 Warrior with trample.)			normal	ACT		!exportname Jerrolds DescentREPLACEMETailor of Terror	R	common	Creature — Spider Horror 	132	R	2R	Haste
Whenever Tailor of Terror attacks, you may exile a creature card from your graveyard. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on Tailor of Terror.	2/2		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEIvory Curtain Producer	W	common	Creature — Construct Advisor 	14	W	1W	Whenever Ivory Curtain Producer attacks, if you cast a spell that targeted it this turn or if it’s enchanted, create a 1/1 colorless Construct Actor creature token.	1/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMELovely Duet	R	common	Sorcery	120	R	1R	Up to two target creature can’t block this turn.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEIn the Nick of Time	W	common	Instant	13	W	W	Target creature you control gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		FLEURFTREPLACEMEApprehensive Slinger	R	common	Creature — Construct Soldier 	103	R	1R	Whenever Apprehensive ‘Slinger deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.	2/2		normal	ACT		!exportname Apprehensive SlingerREPLACEMECordial Ticketmaster	G	common	Creature — Construct Scout 	141	G	1G	Reach
When Cordial Ticketmaster enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.	1/1		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEValiant Instructor	W	common	Creature — Construct Knight 	34	W	3W	Flying
When Valiant Instructor enters the battlefield, you return up to one target enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand.	3/2		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEAstute Sceneweaver	U	common	Creature — Construct Advisor 	35	U	3U	When Astute Sceneweaver enters the battlefield, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	3/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMELead Athlete	G	common	Creature — Construct Warrior 	152	G	2G	Ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)
Whenever you cast a spell that targets Lead Athlete or it becomes enchanted by a Role, put a +1/+1 counter on it.	3/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEThe Monsters Attack	R	common	Instant	122	R	2R	Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn. Creatures you control with counters on them gain trample until end of turn.			normal	ACT		!exportname The Monsters AttackREPLACEMEVerdant Curtain Naturalist	G	common	Creature — Construct Scout 	167	G	3G	When Verdant Curtain Naturalist enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life.
T: Add one mana of any color.	3/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMECrocheted Buddy	G	common	Creature — Construct Turtle 	142	G	5G	Trample
Whenever Crocheted Buddy attacks, if you cast a spell that targeted it this turn or if it’s enchanted, create a colorless 1/1 Construct Actor creature token.	6/5		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEShattered Reflection	R	common	Sorcery	129	R	R	Discard a card, then draw a card.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEBedrock of Tales		common	Artifact	255	C	3	T: Add one mana of any color.
2, T: Put a lore counter on a Saga you control.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMECastigate	WB	common	Sorcery	193	WB	WB	Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it and exile that card.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMESalvage the Stitchings	BG	common	Instant	204	BG	1BG	You draw two cards and you lose 2 life. Create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEOn the Case	UG	common	Instant	212	UG	GU	Proliferate (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)
Scry 2, then draw a card.			normal	ACT		blue greenREPLACEMEExuberant Snowmage	WU	common	Creature — Construct Wizard Noble 	245	WU	2W/U	2, T: Tap target creature. This ability costs 2 less to activate if you control an enchantment.	1/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEBrooding Replacement	UB	common	Creature — Construct Rogue 	246	UB	1U/B	Flash
Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Brooding Replacement.	2/1		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEScathing Critics	BR	common	Creature — Construct Actor 	247	BR	2B/R	Whenever Scathing Critics deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, put a +1/+1 counter on it.	2/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMECrescent Crasher	RG	common	Creature — Construct Soldier 	248	RG	2R/G	Whenever Crescent Crasher attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.	3/1		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEOverconfident Batter	WG	common	Creature — Construct Warrior 	249	WG	1G/W	When Overconfident Batter dies, if you cast a spell that targeted it this turn or if it’s enchanted, you gain 3 life.	3/1		normal	ACT		FLEURFT
FLEURNAMEREPLACEMEBackstage Broken	WB	common	Creature — Construct Actor 	250	WB	2W/B	When Backstage Broken enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 colorless Actor creature token.
Whenever a token you control leaves the battlefield, you gain 1 life.	2/1		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEThespians Page	UR	common	Creature — Construct Actor 	251	UR	3U/R	When Thespian’s Page enters the battlefield, return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.	2/1		normal	ACT		!exportname Thespians PageREPLACEMEYoung Soulspeaker	BG	common	Creature — Construct Warlock 	252	BG	1B/G	T, Pay 1 life: Add one mana of any color.	1/2		normal	ACT		FLEURNAMEREPLACEMEPerformers of Purpose	WR	common	Creature — Construct Actor 	253	WR	1R/W	As long as it’s your turn, Performers of Purpose has first strike.
When Performers of Purpose enters the battlefield, if a permanent you controlled left the battlefield this turn, create a 1/1 colorless Actor creature token.	2/1		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEMarionette Phantom	UG	common	Creature — Spirit Horror 	254	UG	4G/U	When Marionette Phantom enters the battlefield, choose one —
• Draw a card.
• Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	4/5		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEBigroot Valley		common	Land	262	RG		Bigroot Valley enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add R or G.
1, T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	ACT		!tappedREPLACEMEErupting Territory		common	Land	265	BR		Erupting Territory enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add B or R.
1, T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	ACT		!tappedREPLACEMEGloomtide Gulf		common	Land	268	UB		Gloomtide Gulf enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add U or B.
1, T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	ACT		!tappedREPLACEMESculpted Observatory		common	Land	273	WU		Sculpted Observatory enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add W or U.
1, T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	ACT		!tappedREPLACEMEPeaceful Passage		common	Land	272	WG		Peaceful Passage enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add G or W.
1, T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	ACT		!tappedREPLACEMECaustic Mangrove		common	Land	264	BG		Caustic Mangrove enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add B or G.
1, T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	ACT		!tappedREPLACEMEHazy Summits		common	Land	269	WR		Hazy Summits enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add R or W.
1, T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	ACT		!tappedREPLACEMESomber Meadow		common	Land	274	WB		Somber Meadow enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add W or B.
1, T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	ACT		!tappedREPLACEMETwisting Fissure		common	Land	278	UR		Twisting Fissure enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add U or R.
1, T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	ACT		!tappedREPLACEMELush Coast		common	Land	270	UG		Lush Coast enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add G or U.
1, T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	ACT		!tappedREPLACEMEFrostpoint Caldera		uncommon	Land	267	UR		Frostpoint Caldera enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add U or R.			normal	ACT		Filterland CycleREPLACEMEBoneyard Pass		uncommon	Land	263	WB		Boneyard Pass enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add W or B.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEAutumnal Boscage		uncommon	Land	260	RG		Autumnal Boscage enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add R or G.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEThawing Valley		uncommon	Land	277	UG		Thawing Valley enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add G or U.			normal	ACT		Filterland CycleREPLACEMEMolten Mire		uncommon	Land	271	BR		Molten Mire enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add B or R.			normal	ACT		Filterland CycleREPLACEMEWaterfront Market		uncommon	Land	279	WU		Waterfront Market enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add W or U.			normal	ACT		Filterland CycleREPLACEMESpinerock Canyon		uncommon	Land	275	WR		Spinerock Canyon enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add R or W.			normal	ACT		Filterland CycleREPLACEMEWhispering Canal		uncommon	Land	280	UB		Whispering Canal enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add U or B.			normal	ACT		Filterland CycleREPLACEMEBasin Fortress		uncommon	Land	261	BG		Basin Fortress enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add B or G.			normal	ACT		Filterland Cycle
dREPLACEMEThe Malevolence Chronicles	UB	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	175	UB	2UB			
I — Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
II — Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.
III — At the beginning of the next end step, create an X/X black Horror creature token, where X is the number of spells you cast this turn.	saga	ACT		REPLACEMEInto Autumns Arms	RG	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	185	RG	RG			
I, II — Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.
III — Double the number of counters on target creature you control.	saga	ACT		!exportname Into Autumns ArmsREPLACEMETraveling Ticketmaster	WG	uncommon	Creature — Construct Scout 	191	WG	2GW	Once during each of your turns, you may cast an instant, sorcery, or enchantment spell from your graveyard as long as it targets a creature you control.	4/4		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEClosing-Act Abomination	BG	uncommon	Creature — Demon Horror 	202	BG	2BG	Trample
You may spend black and green mana as though it were mana of any color.
Whenever Closing-Act Abomination attacks, look at the top X cards of your library, where X is the number of colors of cards in your graveyard. Put up to one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	5/4		normal	ACT		REPLACEMERambunctious Afterparty	WR	uncommon	Enchantment	207	WR	1RW	At the beginning of your end step, if a permanent you controlled left the battlefield this turn, put a party counter on Rambunctious Afterparty. Then Rambunctious Afterparty deals damage to each opponent equal to the number of party counters on Rambunctious Afterparty.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEHollow Queen	UG	uncommon	Creature — Horror Noble 	211	UG	1GU	Hollow Queen can’t be blocked by tokens.
Whenever Hollow Queen deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, you may remove a counter from a permanent you control. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.	3/3		normal	ACT		blue greenREPLACEMEWaltz on a Nimbus	WU	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	174	WU	1WU			
I — Exile target nonland permanent you don’t control until Waltz on a Nimbus leaves the battlefield.
II — Create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each enchantment you control.”
III — Search your library for a non-Saga enchantment card and reveal it. You may cast that card. Then shuffle.	saga	ACT		REPLACEMEStrawhood Harvested	RG	uncommon	Creature — Scarecrow Horror 	187	RG	1RG	Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, put your choice of a +1/+1 counter, a trample counter, or a haste counter on it.	2/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEA Memorial to Radiance	WG	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	189	WG	GW			(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
I, II — Create a token that’s a copy of up to one target Aura you control and attach it to up to one target permanent you control.
III — Put a +1/+1 counter on each enchanted creature you control. Those creatures gain indestructible and vigilance until end of turn.
​	saga	ACT		REPLACEMEAn Accursed Coronation	WB	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	192	WB	3WB			
I — Create four 1/1 colorless Construct Actor creature tokens.
II — Each player sacrifices a nontoken creature.
III — Each player loses 3 life.	saga	ACT		REPLACEMEThe Playwrights Gambit	UR	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	200	UR	UR			
I — Put a prowess counter on target creature you control. That creature deals 2 damage to each opponent.
II — Scry 3.
III — Until end of turn, if you casting an instant or sorcery spell causes a triggered ability of a permanent you control to trigger, that ability triggers an additional time.	saga	ACT		!exportname The Playwrights GambitREPLACEMETales from the Fallen Court	BG	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	205	BG	1BG			
I, II — Create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)
III — For each color, return up to one target creature card of that color from your graveyard to your hand.
​	saga	ACT		REPLACEMEThe Rejection of the Fair Prince	WR	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	208	WR	RW			
I — Create two 1/1 colorless Construct Actor creature tokens.
II — Creatures you control gain first strike until end of turn.
III — Creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.	saga	ACT		REPLACEMEThe Tragedy of Fruits and Fanfare	UG	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	213	UG	1GU			
I, II — Distribute a trample counter, a vigilance counter and a +1/+1 counter among creatures you control.
III — You may redistribute counters among other permanents you control.	saga	ACT		blue greenREPLACEMEPrice of Performance	WBG	uncommon	Enchantment	235	WBG	WBG	1, Sacrifice a creature: Each opponent loses 1 life.
Whenever a creature dies, you gain 2 life.			normal	ACT		black white green
TricolorREPLACEMEAbominable Auteur	WBR	uncommon	Creature — Skeleton Horror 	214	WBR	1RWB	Haste
Whenever Abominable Auteur attacks, you may return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. If its mana value was 1 or less, it enters tapped and attacking.	3/2		normal	ACT		Tricolor
white black redREPLACEMELeads Dont Die	UBG	uncommon	Enchantment	226	UBG	BGU	When Leads Don’t Die enters the battlefield, mill four cards and you gain 4 life.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may exile X cards from your graveyard and sacrifice Leads Don’t Die. When you do, return target creature card with mana value X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	ACT		!exportname Leads Dont Die
black green blue
TricolorREPLACEMEPerfect the Models	BRG	uncommon	Sorcery	233	BRG	BRG	Perfect the Models deals 3 damage to any target and you gain 3 life. You may play an additional land this turn.
5BRG, Exile Perfect the Models from your graveyard: Create three 3/3 black Demon Horror creature tokens. They gain haste and indestructible until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	ACT		green red black 
TricolorREPLACEMEMain Role Maiden	URG	uncommon	Creature — Construct Noble 	228	URG	GUR	Whenever you cast a spell with mana value 4 or greater, create a Treasure token. If that spell’s mana value is 6 or greater, draw a card. If that spell’s mana value is 8 or greater, Main Role Maiden deals 4 damage to each creature and planeswalker you don’t control.	3/3		normal	ACT		black red blue
TricolorTricolorREPLACEMELapinized Caster	UBR	uncommon	Creature — Rabbit Horror Wizard 	225	UBR	1UBR	Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, choose one —
• Create a tapped Treasure token.
• Each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.
• Create a 1/1 colorless Construct Actor creature token.	2/4		normal	ACT		red black blue
TricolorREPLACEMEDulled Ghost	WUB	uncommon	Creature — Spirit Horror 	221	WUB	2WUB	Dulled Ghost can’t be blocked by creatures with less power than toughness.
At the beginning of your end step, exile up to one target nonland permanent you control, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control. If that permanent was tapped, each opponent discards a card.	4/3		normal	ACT		white blue black
TricolorREPLACEMEPercys Proclaimer	WRG	uncommon	Creature — Horror Advisor 	232	WRG	2RGW	Green creatures you control have “T: Add one mana of any color.”
Red creatures you control have “1, T: This creature deals 1 damage to target player.”
White creatures you control have “2, T: Tap target nonland permanent.”	5/5		normal	ACT		!exportname Percys Proclaimer
red green white
TricolorREPLACEMEMindscape Ripper	WUG	uncommon	Creature — Horror Wizard 	230	WUG	1GWU	Whenever an enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, choose one that hasn’t been chosen this turn.
• Draw a card.
• Put two +1/+1 counters on target creature you control.	3/3		normal	ACT		white blue white
TricolorREPLACEMEBrutal Director	WUR	uncommon	Creature — Horror Noble 	217	WUR	2URW	Flying
Whenever you draw your second card each turn, you may reveal it. If you do and it’s a nonland card, you may cast a copy of it. If you don’t cast a copy of the card, Brutal Director deals 2 damage to any target. (You still pay the costs of the copied card.)	2/4		normal	ACT		white blue red 
TricolorREPLACEMEIvory Curtain Litigator	WG	rare	Creature — Construct Cleric 	188	WG	GW	If an enchanted permanent you control would leave the battlefield, instead destroy one of the Auras attached to it, then that permanent phases out. (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist until its controller’s next turn.)	3/1		normal	ACT		REPLACEMESwan Dance	WUR	rare	Enchantment — Saga 	243	WUR	URW			
I — Create two 1/1 colorless Construct Actor creature tokens. 
II, III — Creatures you control gain flying until end of turn. Whenever one or more of them deals combat damage to a player this turn, draw a card.	saga	ACT		white blue redREPLACEMEA Princess Plea	WBG	rare	Enchantment — Saga 	236	WBG	1WBG			
I, II — You may exile target nonland permanent. If you do, you lose 3 life.
III — Create a 7/7 white, black, and green Horror Knight creature token with trample and “Whenever this creature is dealt damage, you lose that much life.”	saga	ACT		!exportname A Princess Plea
white black greenREPLACEMEA Bond that Spans Planes	WBR	rare	Enchantment — Saga 	216	WBR	1RWB			
I, II, III — Return up to X target creature cards with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield, where X is the number of lore counters on A Bond that Spans Planes.	saga	ACT		red white blackREPLACEMEA Recipe for Disaster	UBG	rare	Enchantment — Saga 	238	UBG	1BGU			
I — Mill four cards. 
Return target land card from your graveyard to the battlefield.
II — Return target creature or non-Saga enchantment card from your graveyard to the battlefield.
III — You may cast target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard without paying it mana cost	saga	ACT		blue black greenREPLACEMEAround the Plane in Three Days	BRG	rare	Enchantment — Saga 	215	BRG	3BRG			
I — Exile each player’s graveyard. Create a token that’s a copy of a creature card exiled this way.
II — Create a token that’s a copy of an artifact or enchantment card exiled with Around the Plane in Three Days.
III — Create a token that’s a copy of a land or planeswalker card exiled with Around the Plane in Three Days.	saga	ACT		black red greenREPLACEMEOver the Moon	URG	rare	Enchantment — Saga 	231	URG	GUR			
I — Over the Moon deals 4 damage to up to one target creature or planeswalker.
II, III — Spells you cast with mana value 4 or greater cost 1 less to cast this turn and can’t be countered.	saga	ACT		red blue greenREPLACEMEMagellas First Step	WUB	rare	Enchantment — Saga 	227	WUB	1WUB			
I, II — Exile up to one target creature you control. At the beginning of your next end step, return it to the battlefield.
III — Until end of turn, if a creature entering the battlefield causes a triggered ability of a permanent you control to trigger, that ability triggers an additional time.	saga	ACT		!exportname Magellas First Step
blue black whiteREPLACEMEA Song of Sleet and Hellfire	WRG	rare	Enchantment — Saga 	241	WRG	RGW			
I, II — Create a token that’s a copy of target Construct you control.
III — Constructs you control get +2/+0 and gain vigilance until end of turn.	saga	ACT		white red greenREPLACEMEScaled Outburst	R	common	Instant	126	R	R	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. That creature gains first strike until end of turn.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEArrive, Surrounded by Petals	G	common	Enchantment — Aura 	138	G	G	Enchant land
When Arrive, Surrounded by Petals enters the battlefield, audition for green. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Scout Role giving 2/3 and vigilance, or a Warrior Role giving 3/2 and trample. Roles replace older ones.)
Enchanted land has “T: Add one mana of any color.”			normal	ACT		REPLACEMELeading Clergy	W	common	Creature — Construct Cleric 	16	W	2W	Whenever Leading Clergy attacks, you may pay W. If you do, audition for white. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Scout Role giving 2/3 and vigilance, or a Cleric Role giving 2/2 and lifelink. Roles replace older ones.)	1/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEBackstage Prompter	B	common	Creature — Construct Actor 	70	B	1B	Lifelink
Whenever Backstage Prompter deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it.	1/1		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEThe Unhinging Project	UBR	rare	Enchantment — Saga 	244	UBR	UBR			
Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, remove a lore counter from The Unhinging Project.
I, II — The Unhinging Project deals 2 damage to any target. You gain 2 life.
III — Discard your hand. Surveil 3.	saga	ACT		blue black redREPLACEMEACT Evolving Wilds		common	Land	266	C		T, Sacrifice Evolving Wilds: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	ACT		!exportname ACT Evolving WildsREPLACEMEProphetic Prism		common	Artifact	258	C	2	When Prophetic Prism enters the battlefield, draw a card.
1, T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMECollapsing Frame		common	Artifact — Clue 	256	C	2	When Collapsing Frame enters the battlefield, search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
2, Sacrifice Collapsing Frame: Draw a card.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEThe Grand Plot		mythic	Legendary Artifact	257	C	X2	When The Grand Plot enters the battlefield, search your library for up to three Saga cards with different names with mana value X or less, exile them, then shuffle.
The Grand Plot has all chapter abilities of cards exiled with it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a lore counter on The Grand Plot. When you do, you may sacrifice it. If you do, draw a card.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMERecoil in Fear	UB	common	Instant	177	UB	1UB	Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand. Then that player discards a card.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMERetire	BR	common	Instant	183	BR	BR	Destroy target creature.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMERip Apart	WR	common	Sorcery	209	WR	RW	Choose one —
• Rip Apart deals 3 damage to target creature or planeswalker.
• Destroy target artifact or enchantment.			normal	ACT		red whiteREPLACEMEAssemble the Heroes	RG	common	Sorcery	184	RG	1RG	Create three 1/1 colorless Construct Actor creature tokens.			normal	ACT		!exportname Assemble the HeroesREPLACEMETake Back the Stage	WG	common	Instant	190	WG	1GW	Target creature you control gets +1/+1 and gains lifelink until end of turn. It fights target creature you don’t control.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEOpulent Reprise	UR	common	Sorcery	197	UR	UR	Draw three cards, then discard two cards.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMECritical Acclaim	WU	common	Instant	171	WU	1WU	You gain 2 life and draw two cards.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEPercy, Master of Puppets	WB	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Perceval 	195	WB	2WB			Protection from tokens
[+1]: Each player may draw a card. For each opponent that does, you gain 1 life and create a 1/1 colorless Construct Actor creature token.
[-2]: Each player sacrifices a creature. Create a token that’s a copy of a creature sacrificed this way.
[-7]: Until end of turn, each creature you control becomes a 6/6 black Horror creature with trample, menace, and lifelink.	planeswalker	ACT	4	REPLACEMECacophonous Demon	WBG	mythic	Creature — Demon Horror 	218	WBG	WBG	Trample
Whenever Cacophonous Demon deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, you may exile target artifact or enchantment.
Whenever a creature deals damage to you, tap that creature. It becomes an enchantment in addition to its other types.	3/3		normal	ACT		white black greenREPLACEMEHost of the Celebration	WUR	mythic	Creature — Horror 	222	WUR	URW	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, any number of target creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.
Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage equal to that creature’s mana value to a player or planeswalker,  draw a card.	3/3		normal	ACT		blue white red
Blue Red WhiteREPLACEMEJerrold, Fugitive	BRG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Construct Horror 	224	BRG	BRG	Lifelink
Whenever Jerrold, Fugitive or another creature enters the battlefield under your control, if you cast it, you may cast target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard with lesser mana value by paying life equal to its mana value rather than paying its mana cost. Exile that card instead of putting it anywhere else as it resolves.	2/3		normal	ACT		red black green
Black Red GreenREPLACEMEMarva of Endless Inspiration	URG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Construct God 	229	URG	1GUR	Indestructible
Marva of Endless Inspiration can’t attack or block unless you’ve cast a spell with mana value 4 or greater this turn.
At the beginning of your end step, return a card at random from your graveyard to your hand. If it’s a land card, return it to the battlefield instead.	5/5		normal	ACT		green red blue
Green Blue RedREPLACEMEPerformer King	WRG	mythic	Creature — Construct Noble 	234	WRG	RGW	First strike
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to creatures you control by sources with greater mana value.
2WW: Create a 1/1 colorless Construct Actor creature token. Put a vigilance counter on it.	3/3		normal	ACT		Red Green WhiteREPLACEMEProp Recycling	UBG	mythic	Enchantment	237	UBG	2BGU	Whenever a nontoken creature dies, you may exile that card. If you do, return each other card exiled with Prop Recycling to its owner’s graveyard.
At the beginning of combat on your turn, create a token that’s a copy of a card exiled with Prop Recycling.			normal	ACT		Black Green BlueREPLACEMEReflective Stalker	WUB	mythic	Creature — Reflection Horror 	239	WUB	WUB	As Reflective Stalker enters the battlefield, choose a noncreature card name.
When Reflective Stalker enters the battlefield, if it was cast, create a token that’s a copy of it.
Spells your opponents cast with the chosen name cost 2 more to cast.	2/1		normal	ACT		White blue BlackREPLACEMERemake the Cast	WBR	mythic	Enchantment	240	WBR	RWB	Creatures you control get -3/-3.
Whenever a creature you control dies, put a soul counter on Remake the Cast.
Creatures you control get +1/+1 for each soul counter on Remake the Cast.			normal	ACT		Red White BlackREPLACEMESoulwrought Songster	UBR	mythic	Creature — Demon Horror 	242	UBR	2UBR	Prowess, trample
During your turn, each instant and sorcery card in your graveyard has flashback. The flashback cost is equal to that card’s mana cost plus pay life equal to that card’s mana value.	4/4		normal	ACT		Blue Black RedREPLACEMEDouglass, Star of the Show	WUG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Construct Scout 	220	WUG	GWU	Double strike, trample
Enchantment spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.
Whenever you put a lore counter on a Saga you control, Douglass, Star of the Show gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	2/3		normal	ACT		green white blue
Green White blueREPLACEMEJeffery, Stage Manager	WUBRG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Construct Avatar 	223	WUBRG	WUBRG	Once each turn, when Jeffery enters the battlefield or you create an Aura token, you may create Lead Role attached to target creature you control, an Aura token that’s all colors with “Enchanted creature is a 5/5 creature with all creature types and flying, trample, lifelink, prowess, and vigilance.”
Whenever an enchanted creature you control attacks, draw a card.	5/5		normal	ACT		white black red green blue REPLACEMEHope Spot	W	common	Instant	12	W	W	Audition for white. If you enchant a creature this way, untap it. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Scout Role giving 2/3 and vigilance, or a Cleric Role giving 2/2 and lifelink. Roles replace older ones.)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEPowerful Distraction	W	common	Instant	21	W	1W	Tap up to three target creatures.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMERunaway Princess	W	common	Creature — Construct Noble 	26	W	1W	When Runaway Princess dies, audition for white. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Scout Role giving 2/3 and vigilance, or a Cleric Role giving 2/2 and lifelink. Roles replace older ones.)	2/1		normal	ACT		REPLACEMESecond-Stage Actress	W	common	Creature — Construct Cleric 	28	W	2W	As long as it’s your turn, Second-Stage Actress has first strike.
When Second-Stage Actress enters the battlefield, audition for white. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Scout Role giving 2/3 and vigilance, or a Cleric Role giving 2/2 and lifelink. Roles replace older ones.)	2/1		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEConflict Capturer	W	common	Creature — Construct Bard 	4	W	2W	Vigilance
Conflict Capturer gets +2/+0 as long as a permanent you control left the battlefield this turn.	2/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEEngrossed in the Tale	W	common	Enchantment	8	W	2W	This spell costs 2 less to cast as long as you control a Saga.
When Engrossed in the Tale enters the battlefield, exile target creature an opponent controls until Engrossed in the Tale leaves the battlefield.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEExpendable Victim	W	common	Creature — Construct Actor 	9	W	W	Vigilance
When Expendable Victim dies, create a 1/1 colorless Actor creature token.	1/1		normal	ACT		Actor CycleREPLACEMEMourners of Mervin	W	common	Creature — Construct Cleric 	17	W	4W	When Mourners of Mervin enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a creature or enchantment. If you do, creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain vigilance until end of turn.	4/5		normal	ACT		REPLACEMESpoiled Prince	W	common	Creature — Horror Noble 	31	W	3W	When Spoiled Prince enters the battlefield, each player sacrifices a creature with the greatest power among creatures they control.	3/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEUnwrite	W	common	Instant	33	W	1W	Choose one —
• Unwrite deals 3 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.
• Destroy target artifact.
• Destroy target enchantment.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMERevitalize	W	common	Instant	24	W	1W	You gain 3 life.
Draw a card.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEPercys Messenger	W	common	Creature — Bird 	19	W	1W	Flying
When Percy’s Messenger enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life. You may put a lore counter on a Saga you control.	1/3		normal	ACT		!exportname Percys MessengerREPLACEMETuesdays First Victim	U	common	Creature — Construct Actor 	65	U	1U	Prowess
When Tuesday’s First Victim dies, audition for blue. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token or a blue Role Aura on a creature you control. The blue Roles are a 2/2 Wizard with prowess and a 2/1 Warlock with flying.)	1/1		normal	ACT		!exportname Tuesdays First VictimREPLACEMECrafty Escape	U	common	Instant	38	U	3U	Exile up to two target permanents you control, then return those cards to the battlefield under their owner’s control.
Audition for blue. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token or a blue Role Aura on a creature you control. The blue Roles are a 2/2 Wizard with prowess and a 2/1 Warlock with flying.)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEIntellectual Critic	U	common	Creature — Construct Advisor 	48	U	1U	Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, scry 2.	1/4		normal	ACT		REPLACEMENewswright	U	common	Creature — Construct Wizard 	53	U	2U	Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, audition for blue. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token or a blue Role Aura on a creature you control. The blue Roles are a 2/2 Wizard with prowess and a 2/1 Warlock with flying.)	1/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEInspect the Plot	U	common	Instant	47	U	1U	Draw a card.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMETire Out	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	64	U	2U	This spell costs 2 less to cast if you’ve cast another spell this turn.
Enchant creature
When Tire Out enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMECerulean Curtain Treasurer	U	common	Creature — Construct Wizard 	37	U	4U	Flying
When Cerulean Curtain Treasurer enters the battlefield, audition for blue, then audition for blue again. (To audition for blue, create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token or a blue Role Aura on a creature you control. The blue Roles are a 2/2 Wizard with prowess and a 2/1 Warlock with flying.)	2/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEPerformer of Winds	U	common	Creature — Construct Wizard 	55	U	U	Performer of Winds can’t be blocked.
When Performer of Winds enters the battlefield, remove a counter from up to one target permanent you control.	1/1		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEFrom Curtains to Chills	U	common	Instant	45	U	U	Tap up to one target nonland permanent and put a stun counter on it.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEThe Lead Falls Short	U	common	Instant	50	U	1UU	Counter target spell. You may put a lore counter on a Saga you control.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEFade Out	U	common	Instant	43	U	1U	Choose one —
• Target creature you control gets +0/+2 and gains hexproof until end of turn.
• Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEDealer of Pointed Fortunes	U	common	Creature — Horror 	39	U	2U	Flying
When Dealer of Pointed Fortunes enters the battlefield, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	2/2		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEUncover Malevolence	U	common	Sorcery	67	U	U	Target creature can’t be blocked this turn.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEConclude	B	common	Instant	74	B	B	Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn. Audition for black. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Cleric Role giving 2/2 and lifelink, or a Warlock Role giving 2/1 and flying. Roles replace older ones.)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEDastardly Duo	B	common	Creature — Construct Rogue 	76	B	4B	This spell costs 2 less to cast if an opponent was dealt combat damage this turn.
When Dastardly Duo enters the battlefield, audition for black. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Cleric Role giving 2/2 and lifelink, or a Warlock Role giving 2/1 and flying. Roles replace older ones.)	3/4		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEInciting Incident	B	common	Sorcery	85	B	B	Each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life. Surveil 2.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMESilent Sleep	B	common	Sorcery	100	B	B	Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEImposing Threat	B	common	Instant	84	B	2B	Create a 2/2 black Horror creature token.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMESeeker of Salome	B	common	Creature — Construct Warlock 	99	B	2B	Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	3/2		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEBlack Curtain Extra	B	common	Creature — Construct Actor 	72	B	B	Deathtouch
B, Pay 1 life: Add one mana of any color. Activate this ability only once each turn.	1/1		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEMonstrous Revelation	B	common	Sorcery	90	B	BB	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a token or pay 2 life.
Draw two cards.			normal	ACT		JerroldREPLACEMEHope Wrangler	B	common	Creature — Construct Rogue 	83	B	3B	Menace
Whenever Hope Wrangler attacks, target attacking creature with lesser power gains menace until end of turn.	4/2		normal	ACT		REPLACEMELost in the Role	B	common	Instant	88	B	1BB	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you’ve cast another spell this turn.
Destroy target creature.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEFatal Method Acting	B	common	Instant	81	B	1B	Destroy target creature or planeswalker with mana value 2 or less. Create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	ACT		fullyspoildREPLACEMEBring the Spotlight	B	common	Instant	73	B	1B	Target creature gets +3/+0 until end of turn. Mill three cards.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEBlack Curtain Enforcer	B	common	Creature — Construct Cleric 	71	B	3B	Lifelink
When Black Curtain Enforcer enters the battlefield, you may return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to your hand.	2/2		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEStitched-Smile Seamstress	B	common	Creature — Construct Warlock 	101	B	1B	Whenever you gain life, each opponent loses 1 life.	1/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEFestival Sabotage	R	common	Sorcery	112	R	R	Choose one —
• Festival Sabotage deals 2 damage to any target. 
• Audition for red. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Warrior Role giving 3/2 and trample, or a Wizard Role giving 2/2 and prowess. Roles replace older ones.)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEBackdrop Artisan	R	common	Creature — Construct Actor 	107	R	2R	Haste
When Backdrop Artisan dies, audition for red.  (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Warrior Role giving 3/2 and trample, or a Wizard Role giving 2/2 and prowess. Roles replace older ones.)	3/1		normal	ACT		REPLACEMESwiftwheel Slayers	R	common	Creature — Construct Rogue 	131	R	4R	When Swiftwheel Slayers enters the battlefield, audition for red. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Warrior Role giving 3/2 and trample, or a Wizard Role giving 2/2 and prowess. Roles replace older ones.)
Token creatures you control have haste.	4/4		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEGo Out Guns Blazing	R	common	Instant	114	R	1R	Go Out Guns Blazing deals 2 damage to target player or planeswalker.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMERaging Restitched	R	common	Creature — Horror 	124	R	2R	When Raging Restitched enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a creature. When you do, Raging Restitched deals damage to target creature or planeswalker equal to the sacrificed creature’s power.	3/2		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEShining Showstopper	R	common	Sorcery	130	R	4R	Shining Showstopper deals 5 damage to any target. Audition for red. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Warrior Role giving 3/2 and trample, or a Wizard Role giving 2/2 and prowess. Roles replace older ones.)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEArms Tinkerer	R	common	Creature — Construct Artificer 	104	R	3R	Prowess
When Arms Tinkerer enters the battlefield, choose one —
• Destroy target artifact.
• Create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	3/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMELantern-Bearer Belle	R	common	Creature — Construct Wizard 	119	R	R	Lantern-Bearer Belle gets +2/+0 and has flying as long as you’ve sacrificed a permanent this turn.	1/1		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEMervins Armor	R	common	Artifact — Equipment 	121	R	R	Equipped creature gets +2/+1.
Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, you may attach Mervin’s Armor to it.
Equip 4			normal	ACT		!exportname Mervins ArmorREPLACEMEStrength of Character	G	common	Sorcery	162	G	1G	Choose one or both —
• Audition for green. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Scout Role giving 2/3 and vigilance, or a Warrior Role giving 3/2 and trample. Roles replace older ones.)
• Target creature you control fights target creature you don’t control.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEMake a Plan	G	common	Sorcery	155	G	2G	Choose a basic land type. Create a tapped colorless land token that’s the chosen type.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMETime Stands Still, Heroes Emerge	G	uncommon	Sorcery	163	G	1G	Target creature you control gets +4/+4 until end of turn.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEWild Entourage	G	common	Creature — Construct Actor 	169	G	4G	When Wild Entourage enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 colorless Actor creature tokens.
4G: Wild Entourage gets +2/+2 and gains trample until end of turn.	3/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEHedge Dashers	G	common	Creature — Construct Citizen 	148	G	G	Whenever Hedge Dashers attacks, if you control a permanent with a counter on it, Hedge Dashers gets +1/+1 and gains trample until end of turn.	1/2		normal	ACT		Actor CycleREPLACEMELook Beyond the Stage	G	common	Sorcery	154	G	1G	Look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a creature or land card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest into your graveyard.			normal	ACT		FLEURFTREPLACEMEBlooming Reclamation	G	common	Instant	139	G	1G	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. If that permanent was a token, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEWooded Ward	G	common	Instant	170	G	1G	Untap target creature you control. It gets +1/+4 and gains hexproof and reach until end of turn.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEACT Roles		common		1	WUBRG		                      W Roles W
Cleric — 2/2 with Lifelink
Scout — 2/3 with Vigilance
                     U Roles U
Wizard — 2/2 with Prowess
Warlock — 2/1 with Flying
                      B Roles B
Cleric — 2/2 with Lifelink
Warlock — 2/1 with Flying
                      R Roles R 
Wizard — 2/2 with Prowess
Warrior  — 3/1 with Trample
                      G Roles G
Scout — 2/2 with Vigilance
Warrior — 3/2 with Trample			token	ACT		REPLACEMEA Delightful Afternoon	W	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	7	W	1W			
I, II, III — Audition for white. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Scout Role giving 2/3 and vigilance, or a Cleric Role giving 2/2 and lifelink. Roles replace older ones.)
Distribute two +1/+1 counters among creatures you control.	saga	ACT		!exportname A Delightful AfternoonREPLACEMEA Tale of the Boastful Sailor	U	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	63	U	1U			
I, II, III — Audition for blue. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token or a blue Role Aura on a creature you control. The blue Roles are a 2/2 Wizard with prowess and a 2/1 Warlock with flying.)
Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player this turn, draw a card.	saga	ACT		REPLACEMEThat Fateful Tuesday	B	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	102	B	1B			
I, II — Audition for black. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Cleric Role giving 2/2 and lifelink, or a Warlock Role giving 2/1 and flying. Roles replace older ones.)
III — Until end of turn, if a creature you don’t control would die, instead exile it and that creature’s controller loses 2 life.	saga	ACT		REPLACEMEAn Invitation to High Rollers	R	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	118	R	1R			
I, II, III — Audition for red. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Warrior Role giving 3/2 and trample, or a Wizard Role giving 2/2 and prowess. Roles replace older ones.)
Whenever a creature you control deals damage to an opponent this turn, exile the top card of your library. You may play it this turn.	saga	ACT		REPLACEMEThe Investigation of Dr Vaughn	G	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	149	G	1G			
I, II, III — Audition for green. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Scout Role giving 2/3 and vigilance, or a Warrior Role giving 3/2 and trample. Roles replace older ones.)
Creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain trample until end of turn.	saga	ACT		!exportname The Investigation of Dr VaughnREPLACEMEThe Death of King Mervin	W	rare	Enchantment — Saga 	6	W	2W			
I — Destroy target creature you don’t control with the greatest power.
II — Until your next turn, prevent all damage that would be dealt to you and planeswalkers you control.
III — Exile target card from a graveyard. You gain 2 life.	saga	ACT		REPLACEMEThe Girl Who Wouldnt Die	B	rare	Enchantment — Saga 	82	B	1B			
I — Return target creature card with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.
II — Each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.
III — Return target creature card with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.	saga	ACT		!exportname The Girl Who Wouldnt DieREPLACEMEAs the Lanterns Float On	R	rare	Enchantment — Saga 	105	R	2R			
I — Sacrifice a permanent, then As the Lanterns Float On deals 3 damage to any target.
II — Sacrifice a permanent, then draw a card.
III — Create a token that’s a copy of target permanent card in your graveyard with mana value 4 or less. It gains haste. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.	saga	ACT		REPLACEMEThe Disappearance of Faye	G	rare	Enchantment — Saga 	143	G	1G			
I — Create a 1/1 colorless Construct Actor token.
II — Create a Food token and a Weapon token. (A Weapon token is an Equipment with equip 2 and “Equipped creature gets +1/+1.”)
III — You may draw a card. If you don’t and you control five or more tokens, you may exile The Disappearance and return a card from your graveyard to your hand.	saga	ACT		REPLACEMEBlood on Satin	BR	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	180	BR	BR			
I — Each opponent discards a card and loses 2 life.
II — Exile target card from a graveyard. If a creature card was exiled this way, you gain 2 life.
III — At the beginning of the next end step, you gain 3 life if an opponent lost life this turn and each opponent loses 3 life if you’ve gained life this turn.	saga	ACT		REPLACEMEPush to the Background	U	uncommon	Instant	57	U	2U	Counter target creature spell. Audition for blue. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token or a blue Role Aura on a creature you control. The blue Roles are a 2/2 Wizard with prowess and a 2/1 Warlock with flying.)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEOnce More with Heart	W	uncommon	Sorcery	18	W	W	Return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. You gain X life, where X is 3 minus that creature’s mana value. 			normal	ACT		REPLACEMESealed Evil in a Cage	W	uncommon	Enchantment	27	W	W	When Sealed Evil in a Cage enters the battlefield, exile target creature an opponent controls with mana value 3 or greater an opponent controls until Sealed Evil in a Cage leaves the battlefield.			normal	ACT		fullyspoildREPLACEMEHolding Out for a Hero	W	uncommon	Sorcery	11	W	W	If you have less life than an opponent, you gain 2 life. If you control fewer creatures than an opponent, create a 1/1 colorless Construct Actor creature token.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMERoyal Doctor	W	uncommon	Creature — Construct Cleric 	25	W	1W	Whenever a permanent you control leaves the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on Royal Doctor.
When Royal Doctor leaves the battlefield, you gain life equal to its power.	1/1		normal	ACT		66BBREPLACEMERadiant Lead	W	uncommon	Creature — Construct Knight 	23	W	2W	Whenever an enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, create a colorless 1/1 Construct Actor creature token.
Token creatures you control have vigilance.	3/2		normal	ACT		44AAREPLACEMESilent Credits	W	uncommon	Instant	30	W	1W	You gain hexproof until end of turn.
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to you this turn.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEPaul, Startin Out Small	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Construct Actor 	54	U	2U	Prowess
Whenever Paul attacks, look at the top card of your library. If it’s a noncreature card, you may cast it. If you don’t cast the card, you may put it into your graveyard.	2/2		normal	ACT		!exportname Paul, Startin Out SmallREPLACEMEDistracted at Sea	U	uncommon	Enchantment	41	U	U	Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, you may tap target creature and put a stun counter on it.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEDig for Evidence	U	uncommon	Sorcery	40	U	2U	Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMECrucify	B	uncommon	Instant	75	B	2B	You may pay B and 4 life rather than pay this spell’s mana cost.
Target creature gets -5/-5 until end of turn.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMERepurpose Debris	B	uncommon	Instant	93	B	2BB	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It’s a 1/1 Construct in addition to its other types.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMESalomes Messenger	B	uncommon	Creature — Horror 	97	B	B	Salome’s Messenger enters the battlefield tapped.
Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, you may return Salome’s Messenger from your graveyard to your hand.	2/1		normal	ACT		!exportname Salomes Messenger
!tappedREPLACEMEBackstage Comic	B	uncommon	Creature — Construct Warlock 	69	B	1B	Deathtouch
When Backstage Comic enters the battlefield, target player discards a card.	1/1		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEDetectives Gambit	B	uncommon	Enchantment	78	B	2B	Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player or planeswalker, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.			normal	ACT		!exportname Detectives GambitREPLACEMEExtolled Arachstruct	B	uncommon	Creature — Spider Horror 	80	B	3B	Reach
When Extolled Arachstruct enters the battlefield, mill two cards. When you do, choose one —
• Each opponent sacrifices a creature with power less than the number of cards in your graveyard.
• Each opponent sacrifices a creature with power greater than the number of cards in your graveyard.	3/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEAudacious Spectator	R	uncommon	Creature — Construct Noble 	106	R	1R	1, Sacrifice a creature or enchantment: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn.	2/2		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEHigh Rollers Croupier	R	uncommon	Creature — Construct Advisor 	115	R	R	Prowess
Whenever High Rollers Croupier attacks, you may put a lore counter on a Saga you control.	1/2		normal	ACT		REPLACEMESecond-Day Slayings	R	uncommon	Enchantment	128	R	2R	Whenever a permanent you control leaves the battlefield, Second-Day Slayings deals 1 damage to each opponent. 			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEScene to Cinders	R	uncommon	Instant	127	R	2R	Choose one or both —
• Scene to Cinders deals 2 damage to each token creature.
• Scene to Cinders deals 2 damage to each nontoken creature.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEApprehend the Nemesis	G	uncommon	Sorcery	137	G	1G	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature or planeswalker you don’t control.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMESower of Virulent Thoughts	G	uncommon	Creature — Plant Horror 	160	G	4G	Whenever Sower of Virulent Thoughts attacks, you may return a creature you control to its owner’s hand. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.	5/5		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEVaughns Vows	G	uncommon	Sorcery	164	G	2G	Reveal the top five cards of your library. Put up to one land card revealed this way onto the battlefield tapped and a creature card revealed this way into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	ACT		!exportname Vaughns VowsREPLACEMEMethod Actor Retiree	G	uncommon	Creature — Construct Druid 	156	G	1G	T: Add one mana of color.
3G, T: Audition for green. Activate only as a sorcery. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Scout Role giving 2/3 and vigilance, or a Warrior Role giving 3/2 and trample. Roles replace older ones.)	0/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEEnthusiastic Admirer	G	uncommon	Creature — Construct Citizen 	145	G	G	Whenever you cast a spell that targets a creature you control or becomes enchanted by a Role, put a +1/+1 counter on Enthusiastic Admirer.	1/1		normal	ACT		REPLACEMERavenous Extra	UB	uncommon	Creature — Horror 	176	UB	1UB	The second spell you cast each turn costs 2 less to cast.
Whenever you cast a spell, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life. 	1/4		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEProd the Stitchwork	BR	uncommon	Enchantment	182	BR	1BR	When Prod the Stitchwork enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to target player. That player sacrifices a creature.
At the beginning of your end step, if an opponent took damage from three or more sources this turn, exile the top card of your library. You may play it until the end of your next turn.			normal	ACT		JerroldREPLACEMEDirectors Perks	WU	uncommon	Enchantment	172	WU	WU	Other enchantments you control have hexproof.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you gain 1 life and exile up to one target card from a graveyard			normal	ACT		!exportname Directors PerksREPLACEMEZealous Persecution	WB	uncommon	Instant	196	WB	WB	Until end of turn, creatures you control get +1/+1 and creatures your opponents control get -1/-1.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMETheatric Tandem	UR	uncommon	Creature — Construct Wizard 	201	UR	1UR	Prowess
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, audition for red or for blue. (To audition for red or blue, create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token or a red or blue Role Aura on a creature you control. The red and blue roles are 3/2 Warrior with trample, a 2/2 Wizard with prowess or a 2/1 Warlock with flying.)	1/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEPercys Perfect World	W	rare	Enchantment	20	W	4W	When Percy’s Perfect World enters the battlefield, search your library for a legendary white card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
If an effect would create one or more creature tokens under your control, it creates twice that many of those tokens instead.			normal	ACT		!exportname Percys Perfect World
Fleur CycleREPLACEMEJeffery Stages the Finale	U	rare	Enchantment	49	U	2U	When Jeffery Stages the Finale enters the battlefield, search your library for a legendary blue card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Whenever you cast a spell with mana value 5 or greater, return up to one target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.			normal	ACT		Fleur CycleREPLACEMESalome Breaks the Lies	B	rare	Enchantment	95	B	2B	When Salome Breaks the Lies enters the battlefield, search your library for a legendary black card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, target opponent discards a card. If they can’t or it isn’t your turn, instead they lose 2 life and you draw a card.			normal	ACT		Fleur CycleREPLACEMEPauls Finest Act	R	rare	Enchantment	123	R	1RR	When Paul’s Finest Act enters the battlefield, search your library for a legendary red card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Creatures you control get +1/+0 as long as you’ve cast a noncreature spell this turn.			normal	ACT		!exportname Pauls Finest Act
Fleur CycleREPLACEMEJerrolds Wretched Cure	G	rare	Enchantment	151	G	2G	When Jerrold’s Wretched Cure enters the battlefield, search your library for a legendary green card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
At the beginning of your upkeep, up to one target nonland permanent you control become an X/X Construct creature until end of turn, where X is the number of card types among cards in your graveyard.			normal	ACT		!exportname Jerrolds Wretched Cure
Fleur CycleREPLACEMEDefeat of the Greatest Evil	B	rare	Instant	77	B	2BB	Destroy target creature or planeswalker.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEThe Highest Stakes	R	rare	Instant	117	R	2R	Target opponent may have The Highest Stakes deal 4 damage to them. If that player doesn’t, you draw two cards.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMECollect the Actors	W	rare	Sorcery	3	W	3WW	Create a 1/1 colorless Construct Actor creature token for each creature you control.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEDream Monologue	U	rare	Sorcery	42	U	6UU	Take an extra turn after this one.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMESculpt the Scene	B	rare	Enchantment	98	B	1B	At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 1 life, then audition for black. (Create a 1/1 Construct Actor creature token, a Cleric Role giving 2/2 and lifelink, or a Warlock Role giving 2/1 and flying. Roles replace older ones.)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEVerdant Curtain Prodigy	G	rare	Creature — Construct Actor 	168	G	1G	If you would create a Role token, you may first create a 1/1 colorless Construct Actor creature token.	3/2		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEIvory Curtain Roleweaver	W	rare	Creature — Construct Actor 	15	W	WWW	Whenever you cast a white spell, choose up to X, where X is the number of white mana symbols in that spell’s mana cost —
• Return target creature card with mana value 1 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.
• Creatures target player controls get +1/+1 until end of turn.
• Target player gains 2 life.
• Tap target creature.	3/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMECurtain Call	W	rare	Sorcery	5	W	2WW	Each player who controls a creature with power 3 or less draws a card. Then destroy all creatures.			normal	ACT		fullyspoildREPLACEMECastigated Sister	W	rare	Creature — Horror Cleric 	2	W	W	Whenever another creature or enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.
3WW, Pay 5 life: Castigated Sister becomes a 5/5 Angel Horror with flying. (This effect doesn’t end at end of turn.)	1/1		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEMonument to Quia	U	rare	Artifact	52	U	U	Whenever you draw your second card or cast your second spell each turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Monument to Quia.
U: Monument to Quia becomes a 0/0 Statue artifact creature with flying until end of turn.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEFractured Prodigy	U	rare	Creature — Construct Wizard 	44	U	2UU	Flying
Whenever you cast a spell with mana value 4 or greater, sacrifice Fractured Prodigy. If you do, create two tokens that are copies of it.	3/2		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEStage Magician	U	rare	Creature — Construct Wizard 	60	U	1U	Whenever a permanent you control leaves the battlefield, if it had counter on it, you may put those counters on Stage Magician.
At the beginning of your end step, you may move any number of counters from Stage Magician onto target permanent you control.	1/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMESalomes Intervention	B	rare	Sorcery	96	B	1B	Each opponent loses 3 life and you gain 3 life.
Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, if Salome’s Intervention is in your graveyard and wasn’t put there this turn, return it into your hand.			normal	ACT		!exportname Salomes InterventionREPLACEMERuthless Director	B	rare	Creature — Construct Advisor 	94	B	B	Whenever you cast a spell that’s red, green, white, or blue, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	1/1		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEFollow the Crumbs	R	mythic	Sorcery	113	R	2R	You may play a red card you own from outside the game until the end of your next turn. Add RR.			normal	ACT		story spotlightREPLACEMECrimson Curtain Favored	R	rare	Creature — Construct Wizard 	108	R	2R	When Crimson Curtain Favored enters the battlefield, starting with you, each player may discard any number of cards. When each player is finished, choose one —
• Crimson Curtain Favored deals damage to each player equal to the number of cards in their hand.
• Each player draws a card for each card they discarded this way.	4/2		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEHigh Rollers Esteemed	R	rare	Creature — Construct Noble 	116	R	2R	Flash
Prowess
When High Rollers Esteemed enters the battlefield, you may choose new targets for target spell or ability unless its controller has High Rollers Esteemed deal 4 damage to them. 	3/1		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEEldon and Eleanor, Sleuths	UG	rare	Legendary Creature — Construct Scout 	210	UG	GU	Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player or planeswalker, create a Clue token.
GU, Sacrifice a Clue: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Proliferate.	2/3		normal	ACT		blue greenREPLACEMEPiecemeal Finale	BR	rare	Instant	181	BR	1BR	Destroy target creature or planeswalker. That permanent’s controller loses 3 life unless that player sacrifices a nonland permanent or discards a card.			normal	ACT		Black RedREPLACEMETrauma Spike	UB	rare	Sorcery	179	UB	1UB	Choose a nonland card name. Search target player’s graveyard, hand, and library for any number of cards with that name and exile them. That player shuffles. For each card exiled from their hand this way, you discard a card.			normal	ACT		SalomeREPLACEMEGlimpse the Puppet Strings	WU	rare	Sorcery	173	WU	2WU	Search your library for a planeswalker card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. If that card had a mana value 4 or less, you may activate one of that planeswalker’s loyalty abilities as though it were on the battlefield with two loyalty counters on it. 			normal	ACT		story spotlightREPLACEMEPaul, Making Greatness	UR	rare	Legendary Creature — Construct Actor 	198	UR	1UR	Prowess
The first instant or sorcery spell you cast from your hand during your turn has compose. (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)	2/2		normal	ACT		REPLACEMELifes Bride	WB	rare	Creature — Construct Noble 	194	WB	1WB	You can’t cast this spell unless you have 5 or more life than your starting life total
Ward—Pay 5 life. (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 5 life.)
3WB, Discard Life’s Bride: Exile target nonland permanent. You gain life equal to its mana value.	5/5		normal	ACT		!exportname Lifes Bride
MirrorpairREPLACEMEDeaths Widow	BG	rare	Creature — Construct Noble 	203	BG	1BG	You can’t cast this spell as long as your life total is higher than half your starting life total.
Lifelink
1BG, Discard Death’s Widow: Destroy target nonland permanent. You lose life equal to its mana value.	4/4		normal	ACT		!exportname Deaths Widow
MirrorpairREPLACEMEAll Part of the Show	WR	rare	Sorcery	206	WR	3RW	Creatures you control gain vigilance until end of turn. After this main phase, there’s an additional combat phase followed by an additional main phase. 
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEJerrold, Master Experimenter	RG	rare	Legendary Creature — Construct Druid 	186	RG	2RG	Creatures you control have “Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature with lesser power.”
At the beginning of each end step, if there are five or more +1/+1 counters among creatures you control, destroy up to one target artifact or enchantment.	3/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMERemnant of Past Realities		uncommon	Artifact — Clue 	259	C	1	T: Target player exiles a card from their graveyard.
2, Sacrifice Remnant of Past Realities: Exile each opponent’s graveyard. Draw a card.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEDemon Horror	B	common	Token Creature — Demon Horror 	5	B			3/3		token	ACT		!related Closing-Act Abomination;Perfect the Models<3>;Mindscape Ripper;Stolen Light;REPLACEMEToken Swamp		common	Token Basic Land — Swamp 	21	B		T: Add B.			token	ACT		!related Make a Plan;REPLACEMEACT Treasure		common	Token Artifact — Treasure 	15	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.			token	ACT		!related Fatal Method Acting;Arms Tinkerer;The Disappearance of Faye;Salvage the Stitchings;Lapinized Caster;Main Role Maiden;Pernicious Plagiarist;The Last Stand; Xiyue Dragondancer; Tales from the Fallen Court;REPLACEMEACT Weapon		common	Token Artifact — Equipment Weapon 	16	C		Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Equip 2			token	ACT		!related The Disappearance of Faye;REPLACEMEACT Clue		common	Token Artifact — Clue 	14	C		2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.			token	ACT		!related The Disappearance of Faye;Eldon and Eleanor, Sleuths;REPLACEMEHorror Knight	WBG	common	Token Creature — Horror Knight 	8	WBG		Whenever this creature is dealt damage, you lose that much life.	7/7		token	ACT		!related A Princess Plea;REPLACEMEHorror	B	common	Token Creature — Horror 	6	B			X/X		token	ACT		!related Sower of Seeds; The Malevolence Chronicles;REPLACEMEToken Mountain		common	Token Basic Land — Mountain 	19	R		T: Add R.			token	ACT		!related Make a Plan;REPLACEMEToken Plains		common	Token Basic Land — Plains 	20	W		T: Add W.			token	ACT		!related Make a Plan;REPLACEMEToken Forest		common	Token Basic Land — Forest 	17	G		T: Add G.			token	ACT		!related Make a Plan;REPLACEMEToken Island		common	Token Basic Land — Island 	18	U		T: Add U.			token	ACT		!related Make a Plan;REPLACEMESaga Token		common	Token Enchantment — Saga 	0	C				
I, II — “Theatre is the art form of the present: It exists only in the present, and then it’s gone.”
III — You may cast a copy of the exiled card from exile without paying its mana cost.	saga	ACT		!related Collect the Actors; Holding Out for a Hero; Powerful Distraction; Dig for Evidence; Dream Monologue; From Curtains to Chills; Inspect the Plot; Uncover Secrets; Defeat of the Greatest Evil; Imposing Threat; Inciting Incident; Repurpose Debris; Silent Sleep; Go Out Guns Blazing; The Highest Stakes; Timeless Rehearsal; Apprehend the Nemesis; Steal the Show; Time Stands Still and Heroes Emerge; All Part of the Show;REPLACEMEACT Plains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	281	C					normal	ACT		!exportname ACT PlainsREPLACEMEACT Island		common	Basic Land — Island 	282	C					normal	ACT		!exportname ACT IslandREPLACEMEACT Swamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	283	C					normal	ACT		!exportname ACT SwampREPLACEMEACT Mountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	284	C					normal	ACT		!exportname ACT MountainREPLACEMEACT Forest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	285	C					normal	ACT		!exportname ACT ForestREPLACEMELead Role	WUBRG	common	Token Enchantment — Aura Role 	9	WUBRG		(A creature can only have one role attached to it.)
Enchant creature you control
Enchanted creature is a 5/5 creature with all creature types and flying, trample, lifelink, prowess, and vigilance.			token	ACT		!related Jeffery Stage ManagerREPLACEMEThe Infinite Calls to Marva	U	rare	Enchantment — Saga 	46	U	3UU			
Flash
Draw three cards.
I, II, III — You may cast a spell with mana value equal to or less than the number of lore counters on The Infinite Calls to Marva from your hand without paying its mana cost.	saga	ACT		full rework
changed to address power level issues and also to be redesigned with a bit more purposeREPLACEMEDance of Frost	WUG	rare	Enchantment — Saga 	219	WUG	GWU			
Whenever you cast an enchantment spell, draw a card.
I, II — Tap up to one target nonland permanent and put a stun counter on it. You gain 2 life.
III — Target creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each enchantment you control.	saga	ACT		green white blue
full reworkREPLACEMEAngelic Diva	W	mythic	Creature — Construct Angel 	1	W	2WW	Flying, lifelink
If an ability of an enchantment you control triggers, you may have that ability trigger an additional time.	3/4		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEReborn Through the Eternities	U	mythic	Enchantment	58	U	1U	Whenever a nontoken creature with mana value 3 or less enters the battlefield under your control, exile it. If you do, create that’s a token that’s a copy of it, except it’s a Construct creature instead of other types.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMELethal Storyboarding	B	mythic	Enchantment	86	B	1BB	When Lethal Storyboarding enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 colorless Construct Actor creature tokens.
Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, sacrifice it and choose one —
• Return a creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.
• Draw a card.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEDenouement	R	rare	Sorcery	109	R	2R	Denouement deals damage to each creature and each planeswalker equal to the number of enchantments you control.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMESower of Seeds	G	mythic	Creature — Construct Druid 	159	G	1G	T: For each color among enchantments you control, add one mana of that color.
2GG, Sacrifice Sower of Seeds: Shuffle X enchantment cards from your graveyard into your library. Create an X/X black Horror creature token, where X is the number of enchantment cards shuffled into your library this way.	1/3		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEStolen Light	W	rare	Enchantment	32	WUBRG	2W	When Stolen Light enters the battlefield, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until Stolen Light leaves the battlefield.
WUBRG: Put a permanent card exiled with Stolen Light onto the battlefield under your control. It’s a 3/3 Horror creature in addition to its other types.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEPursue Perfect Realities	U	rare	Enchantment	56	U	2U	At the beginning of your end step, you get a perfection counter, then create a token that’s a copy of target creature you control. Then exile that token unless you have six or more perfection counters.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEMonster Behind the Curtain	B	rare	Creature — Spider Horror 	89	B	3BB	Reach
At the beginning of your end step, if you’ve gained 3 or more life this turn, create a 3/3 black Demon Horror creature token and each player loses 3 life.	3/6		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEEnter Captain Minnow	R	rare	Enchantment	111	R	2R	Once each turn, whenever you cast a spell, you may note one of its card types. When you note a new type this way, create a number of tapped Treasure tokens equal to the number of types noted for Enter Captain Minnow.			normal	ACT		REPLACEMEVerdant Curtain Caretaker	G	rare	Creature — Construct Druid 	165	G	2G	Whenever Verdant Curtain Caretaker enters the battlefield or attacks, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	3/2		normal	ACT		REPLACEMETyrant of the Depths	U	rare	Creature — Construct Merfolk 	66	U	3UU	Tyrant of the Depths has hexproof as long as it’s untapped.
Whenever you cycle Tyrant of the Depths or it attacks, tap target nonland permanent you don’t control and put a stun counter on it.
Basic landcycling 1U (1U, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	5/5		normal	ACT		3, Distribute three stun counters among tapped permanents you control.REPLACEMEA Most Important Prince	B	rare	Creature — Construct Noble 	91	B	1BB	Menace
Whenever you cycle A Most Important Prince or it attacks, each opponent with two or more cards in hand discards a card.
Basic landcycling 1B (1B, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	3/2		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEXiyue Dragondancer	R	rare	Creature — Construct Actor 	135	R	2RR	R: Xiyue Dragondancer gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
Whenever you cycle Xiyue Dragondancer or it attacks, create a Treasure token.
Basic landcycling 1R (1R, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	4/5		normal	ACT		REPLACEMELong-Term Method Actor	G	rare	Creature — Construct Elemental 	153	G	2GG	Trample
Whenever you cycle Long-Term Method Actor or it attacks, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)
Basic landcycling 1G (1G, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	4/4		normal	ACT		REPLACEMEGlory of the Star	W	uncommon	Instant	10	W	W	Exile target creature you control, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.
Compose  (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		ComposecycleREPLACEMEStudy the Maps	U	uncommon	Instant	62	U	2U	Reveal the top four cards of your library. You may put one into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		ComposecycleREPLACEMELooming Threat	B	uncommon	Sorcery	87	B	2B	Target player sacrifices a creature. You gain life equal to that creature’s toughness.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		ComposecycleREPLACEMERendezvous Behind the Curtain	R	uncommon	Sorcery	125	R	3R	Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn. (It loses any Roles you don’t control.)
Compose  (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		ComposecycleREPLACEMECall the Backup Actors	G	uncommon	Sorcery	140	G	G	Create a 1/1 colorless Construct Actor creature token. If you control another Construct, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
Compose (Then if you cast this from your hand, exile it and create a Saga token with “r3—You may cast a copy of this card from exile without paying its mana cost.”)			normal	ACT		ComposecycleREPLACEMEACT Horror	B	common	Token Creature — Horror 	4	B			2/2		token	ACT		REPLACEMEACT Soldier	W	common	Token Creature — Soldier 	3	W		This creature gets +1/+1 for each enchantment you control.	1/1		token	ACT		!related Waltz on a NimbusREPLACEMESplended Scenery		uncommon	Land	276	WG		Splended Scenery enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add G or W.			normal	ACT		Filterland CycleREPLACEMESalome	UB	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Salome 	178	UB	4UB			Whenever you cast your second spell during each of your turns, you may activate one of Salome’s loyalty abilities.
[+1]: Draw a card. Untap up to two lands.
[-4]: Destroy all creatures.
[-8]: You get an emblem with “You may pay 0 rather than pay the mana cost for the second spell you cast each turn.”	planeswalker	ACT	5	REPLACEMEPaul, Rock Bottom	UR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Paul 	199	UR	UR			When Paul dies, you may discard a card. If you do, return them to your hand at the beginning of the next end step.
[+1]: Draw a card, then discard a card.
[0]: Until end of turn, Paul becomes a 2/2 Construct creature with prowess. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to them this turn.
[-3]: Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.	planeswalker	ACT	2	REPLACEME