Imani Whitaker	W	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	12	W	W	Whenever Imani Whitaker deals combat damage to an opponent, you may move a token from your reserves onto the battlefield. If you don’t, create a 1/1 blue Scout creature token in your reserves. (3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.)	1/2		normal	HOD		REPLACEMETurnberry Scout	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier Scout 	108	B	2B	When Turnberry Scout enters the battlefield, create two 2/1 red Soldier creature tokens in your reserves. (3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.)
Creature tokens you control get +1/+0.	2/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMECaryl Rey, the Rose	R	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	123	R	3R	First strike
Whenever one or more cards leave your graveyard, exile the top card of your library. You may cast it until the end of your next turn.	4/3		normal	HOD		REPLACEMERanulf, the Seed of Sapner	G	rare	Legendary Creature — Azra Knight 	174	G	4GG	Ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)
At the beginning of combat on your turn, for each creature you control, put your choice of a trample counter, a vigilance counter, a reach counter, or a +1/+1 counter on that creature if it doesn’t have a counter of that kind on it.	6/6		normal	HOD		REPLACEMETakers of Voice	WUB	rare	Creature — Faerie Wizard 	238	WUB	3WUB	Flash
This spell can’t be countered.
Flying, lifelink
Whenever an opponent casts a spell, that player loses life equal to its mana value.	5/4		normal	HOD		White Blue BlackREPLACEMEBistra Sapner, the Tide	URG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Azra Wizard 	219	URG	3GUR	Bloom
When Bistra Sapner, the Tide enters the battlefield, exile any number of instant and/or sorcery cards from your graveyard and put a till counter on each of them.
Whenever a creature you control attacks, you may cast a card you own exiled with a till counter on it without paying its mana cost.	6/6		normal	HOD		Major House Leader Cycle
Green Blue RedREPLACEMEBennet Terrel, the High King	WBG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	218	WBG	1WBG	Indestructible
Other creatures you control can’t attack.
Whenever Bennet Terrel, the High King attacks, he gains all activated and triggered abilities of other creatures you control and gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is the total power of other creatures you control.	2/4		normal	HOD		Major House Leader Cycle
Black Green WhiteREPLACEMEMarilye, Heirloom Pilferer	U	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Marilye 	59	U	3UU			Deception 2UU (2UU, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
As long as its your turn, Marilye is a 3/2 Elf Rogue creature with hexproof and indestructible.
[+1]: Tap target permanent. It doesn’t untap during its controller’s next untap step.
[-2]: Exile the top five cards of target opponent’s library. You may cast any number of cards exiled this way with total mana value equal to or less than the amount of damage dealt to them this turn without paying their mana costs.	planeswalker	HOD	4	REPLACEMEClaes, Wandering Alone	WU	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Haubay 	189	WU	1WU			Protection from mana value 4 or greater
[+1]: Draw a card unless an opponent has you create a 1/1 blue Bird creature token with flying.
[-2]: Exile target nonland permanent if its mana value is less than or equal to either the number of cards in your hand or the number of creatures you control, whichever is higher.	planeswalker	HOD	3	REPLACEMECapac Suyay, Grim Seeker	WG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Suyay 	200	WG	2GW			[+2]: Create two 2/2 white Soldier creature tokens in your reserves. (3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.)
[-1]: You may put any number of tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield.  For each token put onto the battlefield this way, draw a card.
[-7]: Create two white enchantment tokens named Intisuyu’s Armies with “At the beginning of your upkeep, create a 2/2 white Soldier creature token for each creature you control.”	planeswalker	HOD	4	REPLACEMEGeistwald Retainer	G	mythic	Creature — Ouphe Shaman 	167	G	1G	Whenever Geistwald Retainer deals combat damage to a player, you may search your library for a creature card with mana value equal to the amount of damage dealt, exile it, then shuffle. Geistwald Retainer becomes a copy of that creature, then gains this ability.	3/2		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEWaldemar, Forgotten Heir	B	mythic	Legendary Creature — Elf Noble 	113	B	BB	When Waldemar enters the battlefield, target opponent reveals their hand and you choose a nonland card from it. Exile that card until Waldemar leaves the battlefield. As long as it remains exiled, you may cast it and spend mana as though it were any type to cast it. When you do, exile Waldemar, then return him to the battlefield transformed under an opponent’s control.	1/1		transform double faced	HOD		Waldemar, Jaded Prince	B	Legendary Planeswalker — Waldemar 	B				At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 1 life and Waldemar’s owner gains 1 life.
[-1]: Discard a card.
[-2]: Sacrifice a non-Waldemar permanent.
	4	REPLACEMEThe Aciesblade	W	mythic	Legendary Artifact	1	W	2W	At the beginning of your upkeep or whenever you cast a spell, put a charge counter on The Aciesblade.
1, Sacrifice The Aciesblade: Search your library for any number of planeswalker cards with total mana value equal to or less than the number of charge counters on The Aciesblade and put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEThorough Conflagration	R	mythic	Sorcery	146	R	XR	Choose one —
• Thorough Conflagration deals X damage to each of X targets. (You must choose X targets. Nothing is safe.)
• Thorough Conflagration deals X damage to any target.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEElric Nye, the Pirate King	WUB	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	225	WUB	2WUB	Deception 2WUB (2WUB, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
Vigilance
Whenever Elric Nye, the Pirate King deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, if isn’t an extra turn, take an extra turn after this one.	4/4		normal	HOD		Major House Leader Cycle
Blue White BlackREPLACEMEEdith Rey the Just	WRG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	224	WRG	RGW	Escape—2RGW, Exile five other cards from your graveyard.
Edith Rey escapes with a flying counter on her if a creature exiled with her escape ability had flying. The same is true for first strike, double strike, deathtouch, haste, hexproof, indestructible, lifelink, menace, protection, reach, trample, vigilance.	4/4		normal	HOD		Major House Leader Cycle
Red White GreenREPLACEMEDelora Vance, Lord of Laughs	UBR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Elf Warlock 	221	UBR	1UBR	Menace
Creatures you don’t control have wane. (When it attacks or blocks, its controller sacrifices it at end of combat.)	4/4		normal	HOD		Major House Leader Cycle
Blue Black RedREPLACEMEGeistwald Kraken	U	mythic	Creature — Kraken Horror 	50	U	4UU	You may cast this spell as though it had flash as long as you control no other creatures or planeswalkers.
When Geistwald Kraken enters the battlefield, untap up to two target permanents and draw a card.
2U: Return Geistwald Kraken to its owner’s hand.	6/6		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEOn the Knife's Edge	B	uncommon	Instant	95	B	1B	Target creature deals damage to itself equal to its power.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEBlade of Heart and Soul		mythic	Artifact — Equipment 	241	C	2	Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has ward 2.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, Blade of Heart and Soul deals 3 damage to any target and target player gains 3 life.
Equip 2			normal	HOD		Red/WhiteREPLACEMECastle on the Delta		rare	Land	250	U		Castle on the Delta enters the battlefield tapped if you control another non-Island land.
T: Add U.
2, T: Target creature with power 2 or less can’t be blocked this turn.			normal	HOD		Rare Land CycleREPLACEMEFort Sapner		rare	Land	252	G		Fort Sapner enters the battlefield tapped if you control another non-Forest land.
T: Add G.
1, T: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery and only if you’ve cast a noncreature spell this turn.			normal	HOD		Rare Land CycleREPLACEMEHall of Graven Laughs		rare	Land	253	B		Hall of Graven Laughsenters the battlefield tapped if you control another non-Swamp land.
T: Add B.
2B, T, Sacrifice a creature: Return target creature card with a mana value less than the sacrificed creature’s to the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	HOD		Rare Land CycleREPLACEMEKings Rock Castle		rare	Land	254	W		King’s Rock Castle enters the battlefield tapped if you control another non-Plains land.
T: Add W.
3W, T, Sacrifice a nontoken creature: Create a number of 1/1 red Scout creature tokens equal to the sacrificed creature’s mana value.			normal	HOD		!exportname Kings Rock Castle
Rare Land CycleREPLACEMESkyspire Keep		rare	Land	256	R		Skyspire Keep enters the battlefield tapped if you control another non-Mountain land.
T: Add R.
3R, T: Mill a card. Skyspire Keep deals 1 damage to each opponent.			normal	HOD		Rare Land CycleREPLACEMEThe Crown of Skyspire	WRG	rare	Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	220	WRG	2RGW	When The Crown of Skyspire enters the battlefield, mill five cards. Then, you may return a creature card with mana value 4 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield and attach The Crown of Skyspire to it.
Equipped creature gets +3/+3 and has trample.
Equip 4			normal	HOD		Red Green WhiteREPLACEMEDirt to Flesh	URG	rare	Instant	222	URG	GUR	Target land you control becomes a 4/4 Elemental creature with haste. Untap it. Its still a land.
2GUR, Exile Dirt to Flesh from your graveyard. Target land you control becomes a 5/5 Elemental creature with haste. Its still a land. Untap it. Activate only as a sorcery.
4GUR, Put Dirt to Flesh from exile on the bottom of its owner’s library: Target land you control becomes a 7/7 Elemental creature with haste. Its still a land. Untap it. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	HOD		Green Blue RedREPLACEMEFrenzied Lunge	UBR	rare	Sorcery	227	UBR	1UBR	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains flying, haste, trample, and wane. (When this attacks or blocks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)			normal	HOD		Black Red BlueREPLACEMEVirulent Hexer	UBR	rare	Creature — Hag Warlock 	239	UBR	UBR	Deathtouch
When Virulent Hexer enters the battlefield, choose one or more —
• Exile all tokens.
• Exile all tokens in each player’s reserves.
• Remove all counters from all permanents.	2/3		normal	HOD		Blue Black RedREPLACEMELeon's Claim	WBG	rare	Enchantment	231	WBG	1WWBG	At the beginning of your end step, choose one —
• Create a 2/1 red Soldier creature token. 
• Sacrifice a Soldier. If you do, create a 3/3 Knight creature token that’s all colors. You gain 2 life.
• Sacrifice a Knight. If you do, create a 5/5 white Noble creature token. Each opponent loses 2 life.			normal	HOD		white black greenREPLACEMEWeight of War	WBG	rare	Enchamtnet — Aura Curse	240	WBG	2WBG	Enchant player
Enchanted player can’t gain life and can’t cast more than one spell a turn.
Creatures enchanted player controls get -1/-1.			normal	HOD		white black greenREPLACEMERadcliff Dragoncaller	UR	uncommon	Creature — Human Wizard 	209	UR	UR	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, Radcliff Dragoncaller becomes a 4/4 red Dragon creature with flying.	2/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMERoyal Seeker	UB	uncommon	Creature — Faerie Rogue 	194	UB	1UB	Flash
Flying
When Royal Seeker enters the battlefield, look at target player’s hand. You may choose a nonland card from it. If you do, that player reveals the chosen card, puts it on the bottom of their library, then draws a card.	3/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMERule from Afar	WG	uncommon	Enchantment	203	WG	GW	Whenever a creature you control dies, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.
At the beginning of each end step, if you control no creatures, you gain life equal to the number of creatures you control that died this turn.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEProof of Divinity	WB	uncommon	Instant	205	WB	WB	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may sacrifice a permanent.
Search your library for an Equipment card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. If the permanent you sacrificed had a mana value greater or equal to the Equipment card, put the Equipment card onto the battlefield attached to a creature you control.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEAppeal to Ancestry	UBR	uncommon	Sorcery	216	UBR	5UBR	Put all creature cards from all graveyards onto the battlefield under your control. They gain wane. (When this attacks or blocks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)			normal	HOD		Blue Black RedREPLACEMEExplore the Great Unknown	WRG	uncommon	Enchantment	226	WRG	RGW	Whenever you attack, choose one. If you control four or more attacking creatures, choose any number instead.
• Mill three cards.
• Return a land card from your graveyard to the battlefield.
• Exile an instant or sorcery card from your graveyard. You may cast a copy of that card. (You still pay costs.)			normal	HOD		Red Blue WhiteREPLACEMEExtravagent Airship		uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	243	C	4	Flying
At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may return a creature you control to your hand. If you do, Extravagent Airship becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.	4/3		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEImportant Parcel		uncommon	Artifact — Clue 	245	C	1	When Important Parcel enters the battlefield, exile target player’s graveyard.
2, Sacrifice Important Parcel: Draw a card.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMESlabman Stoneplate		uncommon	Artifact	246	C	2	Whenever equipped creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it, then untap it.
Equip Knight 0
Equip creature 2			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEClearing in the Glade		uncommon	Land	251	C		You may play Clearing in the Glade from exile.
T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Clearing in the Glade: Add one mana of any color.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEOverflowing Sanctuary		uncommon	Land	255	C		Bloom (Whenever you cast a spell that targets this, you may pay that spell’s mana cost. If you do, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.)
T: Add C.
1, T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEDreadship Vessel		common	Artifact — Vehicle 	242	C	2	Exile a card from your graveyard: Dreadship Vessel becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.	3/3		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEHulking Vessel		common	Artifact — Vehicle 	244	C	3	When Hulking Vessel enters the battlefield, create a 2/1 red Soldier creature token.
Crew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	4/4		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEWar Map		common	Artifact — Clue 	247	C	2	When War Map enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
2, Sacrifice War Map: Draw a card.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEWealthy Slabman		common	Artifact Creature — Gargoyle Knight 	248	C	2	When Wealthy Slabman dies, create a Treasure token or a Weapon token. (A Treasure token is an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.” A Weapon token is an artifact Equipment with equip 2 and “Equipped creature gets +1/+1.”)	2/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEWrit of Supplies		common	Artifact	249	C	1	When Writ of Supplies enters the battlefield, create a Clue token, Treasure token, and Food token in your reserves. (3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.)
1, Sacrifice Writ of Supplies: Add one mana of any color.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMETerramorphic Expanse		common	Land	257	C		T, Sacrifice Terramorphic Expanse: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMECampsite Bard	G	rare	Creature — Kithkin Bard 	158	G	1G	Bloom (Whenever you cast a spell that targets this, you may pay that spell’s mana cost. If you do, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.)
Other creatures you control have bloom.	2/2		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEGeistwald Deceiver	R	rare	Creature — Ouphe Rogue 	129	R	4R	Bloom (Whenever you cast a spell that targets this, you may pay that spell’s mana cost. If you do, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.)
Once each turn, when you copy a spell, you may copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.	5/5		normal	HOD		Bloom CycleREPLACEMECaptivating Merfolk	U	rare	Creature — Merfolk Scout 	44	U	2U	Bloom (Whenever you cast a spell that targets this, you may pay that spell’s mana cost. If you do, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.)
Whenever you cast or copy a spell that targets Captivating Merfolk, create a token that’s a copy of Captivating Merfolk.	3/1		normal	HOD		Bloom CycleREPLACEMESapner Cavalry	URG	rare	Creature — Human Knight Army 	234	URG	1GUR	Bloom (Whenever you cast a spell that targets this, you may pay that spell’s mana cost. If you do, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.)
Whenever you copy a spell, draw a card.	4/5		normal	HOD		Tricolor Rare Cycle
Green Blue RedREPLACEMEHouse Rivers Escorter	W	rare	Creature — Orc Rogue 	11	W	1WW	Deception 1W (1W, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
When House Rivers Escorter enters the battlefield, exile up to one target nonland permanent an opponent controls until House Rivers Escorter leaves the battlefield.	2/2		normal	HOD		REPLACEMENye Informant	B	rare	Creature — Faerie Assassin 	94	B	2BB	Deception 1BB (1BB, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
Flying
Whenever Nye Informant deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, search your library for a card, put it into your hand, then shuffle. 	3/2		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEElias Plaskett, the Hidden Blade	UB	rare	Legendary Creature — Kithkin Rogue 	192	UB	UB	Ward—Discard a card (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player discards a card.)
Each creature card in your hand has deception. The deception cost is equal to that card’s mana cost reduced by 2. This can’t reduce the cost to less than 1. 	3/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEOriel Rivers	WU	rare	Legendary Creature — Angel Soldier 	191	WU	WU	Flying
Other attacking creatures you control get +1/+0.
Prevent all noncombat damage that would be dealt to other creatures you control.	2/2		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEDovizia Attwater	UG	rare	Legendary Creature — Azra Noble 	214	UG	1GU	Flash
When Dovizia Attwater enters the battlefield, counter target noncreature spell with mana value X or less, where X is the number of creatures you control.	3/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEWulfric Hook	BR	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	196	BR	1BR	Creature spells you cast cost 2 less to cast.
Other creatures you control have haste and “At the beginning of your end step, if this creature entered the battlefield this turn, return it to its owner’s hand.”	4/3		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEFoliage Decoy	G	rare	Instant	163	G	G	Target creature you control gains hexproof until end of turn. Create a token copy of that creature in your reserves. (3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.)			normal	HOD		REPLACEMECallous Commander	B	rare	Creature — Elf Warlock 	79	B	B	Callous Commander can’t block.
When Callous Commander dies, create a token copy of it in your reserves. (3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.)	2/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMELeon Terrel, Unspoken Heir	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Knight 	18	W	2W	When Leon Terrel, Unspoken Heir enters the battlefield, create a 3/3 Knight creature token that’s all colors in your reserves. (3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.)
Creature tokens enter the battlefield under your control with an additional +1/+1 counter on them.	3/3		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEGosfridus Turnberry	BG	rare	Legendary Creature — Ouphe Knight 	211	BG	3BG	Whenever Gosfridus Turnberry enters the battlefield or attacks, create a 8/8 black Horror creature token in your reserves. (3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.)	4/4		normal	HOD		KnightsREPLACEMEWilmot Nye, the Crafty	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate Noble 	76	U	3U	Deception 1UU (1UU, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
Wilmot Nye can’t be blocked by more than one creature.
Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to an opponent, draw a card. 	3/3		normal	HOD		Deception Cycle
Heir CycleREPLACEMEThugs at Graven Laughs	U	rare	Creature — Kithkin Pirate 	72	U	U	Wane (When this attacks or blocks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)
Whenever Thugs at Graven Laughs deals combat damage to a player, create a token copy of it.	2/2		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEHerald of Storms	R	rare	Creature — Elemental Dragon 	132	R	5R	Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a creature card. Put it onto the battlefield. It gains haste and wane. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order. (Whenever a creature with wane attacks or blocks, its controller sacrifices it at end of combat.)	6/6		normal	HOD		REPLACEMECall to War	W	rare	Sorcery	3	W	XW	Distribute X +1/+1 counters among creatures you control.
Escape—3W, Exile X other cards from your graveyard. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)			normal	HOD		Escape X cycleREPLACEMEGeistwald Amalgam	G	rare	Creature — Hydra Mutant 	165	G	XG	Geistwald Amalgam enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.
Trample
Escape—2G, Exile X other cards from your graveyard. X can’t be 0. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)	1/1		normal	HOD		Escape X cycleREPLACEMEWilliam's Epiphany	R	rare	Instant	150	R	XRR	Exile the top X cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards.
Escape—3R, Exile X other cards from your graveyard. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)			normal	HOD		Escape X CycleREPLACEMEBlazing Phoenix	R	rare	Creature — Phoenix 	122	R	1RR	Flying, haste
Escape—1RR, Exile three noncreature, nonland cards from your graveyard. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)	3/1		normal	HOD		Major House Animal Cycle — ReyREPLACEMERegal Lion	W	rare	Creature — Cat 	24	W	2WW	Flash
First strike
When Regal Lion enters the battlefield, target creature gains indestructible until end of turn.	3/3		normal	HOD		Major House Animal Cycle — TerrelREPLACEMEInquisitive Otter	U	rare	Creature — Otter 	54	U	4U	Flash
Inquisitive Otter has all triggered abilities of other creatures you control.	3/2		normal	HOD		Major House Animal Cycle — NyeREPLACEMEThriving Hyena	B	rare	Creature — Hyena 	105	B	3BB	Haste
Whenever Thriving Hyena or another creature you control dies, if it entered the battlefield this turn and doesn’t share a name with a card that triggered this ability this turn, you may return it to its owner’s hand.	5/3		normal	HOD		Major House Animal Cycle — VanceREPLACEMEQuirky Chameleon	G	rare	Creature — Lizard 	173	G	1G	Whenever you cast a creature spell, you may have Quirky Chameleon become a copy of that creature until end of turn, except it isn’t legendary.	2/1		normal	HOD		Major House Animal Cycle — SapnerREPLACEMELuminous Distraction	W	rare	Enchantment	19	W	1W	Flash
If a creature would enter the battlefield and it wasn’t cast, exile it instead.
If a noncreature spell that had no mana spent to cast it would resolve, exile it instead.
At the beginning of the end step, sacrifice Luminous Distraction and draw a card.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEPetula Vance, the Solemn Joke	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Elf Noble 	97	B	2B	Haste
Whenever Petula Vance, the Solemn Joke attacks, you may sacrifice another creature. When you do, return target creature card with equal or lesser mana value from your graveyard tapped and attacking.	3/2		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEScorched Earth	W	rare	Sorcery	27	W	3WW	Each opponent chooses a number of creatures they control equal to the number of creatures you control, then sacrifices the rest. Opponents sacrifice artifacts, enchantments, and planeswalkers the same way.			normal	HOD		Storyspotlight A7

RenameREPLACEMEMirrorkins Bargain	U	rare	Instant	60	U	XUU	This spell costs 1 more to cast for each nonland permanent you control.
Draw X cards.
If you spent eight or more mana to cast this spell, return each nonland permanent to their owners’ hands.			normal	HOD		!exportname Mirrorkins Bargain
Storyspotlight A3REPLACEMEGrasp of the Mirrorkin	U	rare	Instant	53	U	2UU	Counter target spell. Search your library for a card with that spell’s mana value, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEClosure	B	mythic	Sorcery	81	B	1BBB	Destroy all creatures.
End the turn. (Exile all spells and abilities from the stack. The player whose turn it is discards down to their maximum hand size. Damage wears off, and “this turn” and “until end of turn” effects end.)			normal	HOD		Storyspotlight A6REPLACEMETaken By House Vance	B	rare	Sorcery	103	B	1BB	Choose a nonland card name. Search target player’s graveyard, hand, and library for any number of cards with that name and exile. That player shuffles their library. For each card exiled from their hand this way, you lose 2 life.			normal	HOD		Storyspotlight A1REPLACEMEStandoff at Beachside	R	rare	Sorcery	144	R	1RR	Choose one —
• Standoff at Beachside deals 3 damage to each creature and each planeswalker.
• Discard any number of cards. Draw cards equal to the number of cards discarded this way plus one.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEBattle for the Aciesblade	G	rare	Instant	157	G	G	Choose one or more. This spell costs 1 more to cast for mode chosen beyond the first.
• Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
• Target creature gains indestructible until end of turn.
• Target creature you control fights target creature you don’t control.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEMinna Radcliff, the Swift	UR	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Knight 	208	UR	5UR	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each instant and sorcery card in your graveyard.
Whenever you cast or copy a noncreature spell, create a 2/1 red Soldier creature token with wane. (When this attacks or blocks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)	4/4		normal	HOD		redesignREPLACEMEThe Empty Throne	RG	rare	Legendary Artifact	198	RG	RG	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell that targets a single creature you control for the first time each turn, copy it for each other creature you control that it could target. Each copy targets a different one of those creatures.			normal	HOD		prowess
House PhyreREPLACEMEConrad Whitaker, Protector	WB	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Knight 	204	WB	WB	First strike, lifelink
Sacrifice Conrad Whitaker, Protector: Target creature gains indestructible until end of turn.	2/2		normal	HOD		go wide
House WhitakerREPLACEMERoul Banefort, the Stern	WG	rare	Legendary Creature — Azra Knight 	202	WG	2GW	Whenever you create a token outside of your reserves, create a copy of that token in your reserves. (You may pay 3 as a sorcery to move up to three tokens from your reserves to the battlefield. You don’t get extra tokens for moving tokens out of your reserves.)	5/5		normal	HOD		AristocratsREPLACEMEAlger Perle, Lord of Truetower	WR	rare	Legendary Creature — Orc Knight 	212	WR	RW	Ward—Pay 3 life (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 3 life.)
Other legendary creatures you control get +1/+0.	3/2		normal	HOD		REPLACEMESuccession Scandal	UBR	rare	Sorcery	237	UBR	2UBR	Exile up to one target creature you control, up to one target creature card in your graveyard, and up to one creature card from your hand. At the beginning of the next end step, you may put any number of cards exiled this way onto the battlefield under your control.			normal	HOD		Tricolor Rare Cycle
blue black redREPLACEMEMeeting of Powers	WRG	rare	Instant	232	WRG	1RGW	Choose two —
• Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.
• Meeting of Powers deals damage to target creature or planeswalker equal to the number of lands you control.
• You gain life equal to the number of lands you control.			normal	HOD		Tricolor Rare Cycle
red green whiteREPLACEMEInspiring Warsworn	WRG	rare	Creature — Human Knight 	230	WRG	RGW	Whenever Inspiring Warsworn attacks, mill three cards. For each creature card milled this way, put a +1/+1 counter on Inspiring Warsworn. For each land card milled this way, you gain 1 life. For each noncreature, nonland card, Inspiring Warsworn deals 1 damage to each opponent.	3/3		normal	HOD		Tricolor Rare Cycle
red green whiteREPLACEMEDrown in Wealth	WUB	rare	Instant	223	WUB	WUUB	Counter target spell. That spell’s controller discards a card and can’t cast spells this turn.			normal	HOD		Tricolor Rare Cycle
white blue blackREPLACEMEArbiter of the Meek	WBG	rare	Creature — Angel Soldier 	217	WBG	2WBG	Flying, vigilance
Whenever a nontoken creature you control with mana value 3 or less dies, you may create a token copy of it in your reserves. (3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.)	3/3		normal	HOD		White Black GreenREPLACEMENoble Griffin	W	uncommon	Creature — Griffin 	21	W	2W	Flying
Whenever Noble Griffin attacks, target creature you control gains indestructible until end of turn.	2/2		normal	HOD		Normal House Animal Cycle — WhitakerREPLACEMEEnduring Turtle	U	uncommon	Creature — Turtle 	47	U	2U	When Enduring Turtle enters the battlefield, you may return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand. If you do, discard a card.	1/3		normal	HOD		House Animal CycleREPLACEMETacit Scorpion	B	uncommon	Creature — Scorpion 	102	B	1B	Deathtouch
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, each opponent loses 1 life.	1/1		normal	HOD		House Animal Cycle — HookREPLACEMECatastrophic Dragon	R	uncommon	Creature — Dragon 	124	R	3RR	Flying
Whenever Catastrophic Dragon attacks, it deals 1 damage to target creature defending player controls. If that creature would die this turn, exile it instead.	4/3		normal	HOD		Normal House Animal Cycle — RadcliffREPLACEMERobust Oxen	G	uncommon	Creature — Ox 	179	G	2G	At the beginning of combat on your turn, put a +1/+1 counter, a trample counter, a vigilance counter, a haste counter, or a reach counter on Robust Oxen.
When Robust Oxen dies, distribute its counters among any number of creatures you control.	2/3		normal	HOD		house animal cycle — BanefortREPLACEMEArdleby Hold		special	Land	273	RG		T: Add R or G. Ardleby Hold deals 1 damage to you unless you control three or more other lands.			normal	HOD		Land Cycle
House PhyreREPLACEMEBeachside Castle		special	Land	274	UR		T: Add U or R. Beachside Castle deals 1 damage to you unless you control three or more other lands.			normal	HOD		Land Cycle
House RadcliffREPLACEMECastle of Death's Sting		special	Land	275	BR		T: Add B or R. Castle of Death’s Sting deals 1 damage to you unless you control three or more other lands.			normal	HOD		Land Cycle
House HookREPLACEMECastle of Shrouded Coasts		special	Land	276	UB		T: Add U or B. Castle of Shrouded Coasts deals 1 damage to you unless you control three or more other lands.			normal	HOD		Land Cycle
House PlaskettREPLACEMECloudkissed Keep		special	Land	277	WG		T: Add G or W. Cloudkissed Keep deals 1 damage to you unless you control three or more other lands.			normal	HOD		Land Cycle
House BanefortREPLACEMEHall of Flowing Streams		special	Land	278	UG		T: Add G or U. Hall of Flowing Streams deals 1 damage to you unless you control three or more other lands.			normal	HOD		Land Cycle
House AttwaterREPLACEMERiverdale Fortress		special	Land	279	WU		T: Add W or U. Riverdale Fortress deals 1 damage to you unless you control three or more other lands.			normal	HOD		Land Cycle
House RiversREPLACEMESandrock Castle		special	Land	280	WB		T: Add W or B. Sandrock Castle deals 1 damage to you unless you control three or more other lands.			normal	HOD		Land Cycle
House WhitakerREPLACEMETruetower Castle		special	Land	281	WR		T: Add R or W. Truetower Castle deals 1 damage to you unless you control three or more other lands.			normal	HOD		Land Cycle
House PerleREPLACEMETurnberry Citadel		special	Land	282	BG		T: Add B or G. Turnberry Citadel deals 1 damage to you unless you control three or more other lands.			normal	HOD		Land Cycle
House TurnberryREPLACEMEAttwater Sigil		special	Artifact	258	C	3	When House Sigil enters the battlefield, surveil 2.
T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	HOD		!exportname Attwater Sigil
Green BlueREPLACEMEBanefort Sigil		special	Artifact	259	C	3	When House Sigil enters the battlefield, surveil 2.
T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	HOD		!exportname Banefort Sigil
Green WhiteREPLACEMEHook Sigil		special	Artifact	260	C	3	When House Sigil enters the battlefield, surveil 2.
T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	HOD		!exportname Hook Sigil
Red BlackREPLACEMENye Sigil		special	Artifact	261	C	3	When House Sigil enters the battlefield, surveil 2.
T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	HOD		!exportname Nye Sigil
Reart
Blue (black white)REPLACEMEPerle Sigil		special	Artifact	262	C	3	When House Sigil enters the battlefield, surveil 2.
T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	HOD		!exportname Perle Sigil
Red WhiteREPLACEMEPhyre Sigil		special	Artifact	263	C	3	When House Sigil enters the battlefield, surveil 2.
T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	HOD		!exportname Phyre Sigil
Red GreenREPLACEMEPlaskett Sigil		special	Artifact	264	C	3	When House Sigil enters the battlefield, surveil 2.
T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	HOD		!exportname Plaskett Sigil
Blue BlackREPLACEMERadcliff Sigil		special	Artifact	265	C	3	When House Sigil enters the battlefield, surveil 2.
T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	HOD		!exportname Radcliff Sigil
Red blueREPLACEMERey Sigil		special	Artifact	266	C	3	When House Sigil enters the battlefield, surveil 2.
T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	HOD		!exportname Rey Sigil
red (white green)REPLACEMERivers Sigil		special	Artifact	267	C	3	When House Sigil enters the battlefield, surveil 2.
T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	HOD		!exportname Rivers Sigil
white blueREPLACEMESapner Sigil		special	Artifact	268	C	3	When House Sigil enters the battlefield, surveil 2.
T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	HOD		!exportname Sapner Sigil
Green (red blue)REPLACEMETerrel Sigil		special	Artifact	269	C	3	When House Sigil enters the battlefield, surveil 2.
T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	HOD		!exportname Terrel Sigil
White (green black)REPLACEMETurnberry Sigil		special	Artifact	270	C	3	When House Sigil enters the battlefield, surveil 2.
T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	HOD		!exportname Turnberry Sigil
Black greenREPLACEMEVance Sigil		special	Artifact	271	C	3	When House Sigil enters the battlefield, surveil 2.
T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	HOD		!exportname Vance Sigil
Black (red blue)REPLACEMEWhitaker Sigil		special	Artifact	272	C	3	When House Sigil enters the battlefield, surveil 2.
T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	HOD		!exportname Whitaker Sigil
white blackREPLACEMETerrel Battlemage	W	uncommon	Creature — Gargoyle Knight 	29	WBG	2W	B, T, Sacrifice a creature: Draw a card.
2G, T, Sacrifice a creature: Create a 3/3 Knight creature that’s all colors.	3/2		normal	HOD		Battlemage CycleREPLACEMEWystan Terrel, the Occultist	W	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	37	W	2WW	Lifelink
When Wystan Terrel, the Occultist enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 blue Scout creature tokens.
Sacrifice a creature: Wystan Terrel gains indestructible until end of turn. 	2/3		normal	HOD		Uncommon Legendary Cycle
asdf
Renowned CycleREPLACEMELodema, Diamond of the Nye	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	56	U	3U	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each creature that dealt damage to an opponent this turn.
Lodema can’t be blocked.
When Lodema deals combat damage to a player, surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)	2/1		normal	HOD		Uncommon Legendary Cycle
Renowned CycleREPLACEMENye Battlemage	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Pirate 	62	WUB	2U	W, T: Tap target creature. You gain 1 life.
B, T: Target creature gains menace until end of turn. Each opponent loses 1 life.	3/2		normal	HOD		Battlemage CycleREPLACEMEAlder, Vances Claw	B	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Elf Soldier 	77	B	3B	Deathtouch, lifelink
At the beginning of your end step, you may sacrifice a creature. When you do, return target creature card with equal or lesser mana value from your graveyard to the battlefield.	1/2		normal	HOD		!exportname Alder, Vances Claw
Uncommon Legendary Cycle
Renowned CycleREPLACEMEVance Battlemage	B	uncommon	Creature — Gargoyle Knight 	109	UBR	2B	U, T: Exile another target creature you control, then return it to the battlefield.
4R, T: Create a token that’s a copy of another target creature you control. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/2		normal	HOD		Battlemage CycleREPLACEMERey Battlemage	R	uncommon	Creature — Orc Soldier 	140	WRG	2R	3W, T: Return target creature card in your graveyard with mana value 2 or less to the battlefield.
G, T: Mill three cards.	3/2		normal	HOD		Battlemage CycleREPLACEMEWilliam Rey, Lover to All	R	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	149	R	2R	Menace
Whenever William Rey, Lover to All attacks, you may mill three cards. William Rey, Lover to All gets +X/+0, where X is the total mana value of cards milled this way.	2/3		normal	HOD		Uncommon Legendary Cycle
Renowned Cycle
House ReyREPLACEMEFulchard Sapner, Gentle Giant	G	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Azra Knight 	164	G	3GG	Vigilance
Bloom (Whenever you cast a spell that targets this, you may pay that spell’s mana cost. If you do, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.)
Whenever you cast or copy a noncreature spell, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	5/5		normal	HOD		Uncommon Legendary Cycle
Renowned CycleREPLACEMESapner Battlemage	G	uncommon	Creature — Satyr Druid 	180	URG	2G	U, T: Draw a card, then discard a card.
R, Sacrifice Sapner Battlemage: Return target noncreature card from your graveyard to your hand.	2/4		normal	HOD		Battlemage CycleREPLACEMETravelcart Supplier	WB	uncommon	Creature — Human Peasant 	206	WB	WB	When Travelcart Supplier enters the battlefield, create a Food token.
Sacrifice a token: Target creature you control gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn. (This creature can’t be blocked, targeted, dealt damage, enchanted, or equipped by anything of that color until end of turn.)	2/2		normal	HOD		REPLACEMESapner Warsworn	URG	uncommon	Creature — Kithkin Bard Soldier 	235	URG	GUR	When Sapner Warsworn enters the battlefield, return target noncreature card from your graveyard to your hand.	1/4		normal	HOD		red green blueREPLACEMEPlaskett Headhunter	UB	uncommon	Creature — Kithkin Rogue 	193	UB	2UB	Deception 1UB (1UB, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
If a creature entering the battlefield or dealing combat damage to an opponent causes a triggered ability of a permanent you control to trigger, that ability triggers an additional time.	2/3		normal	HOD		Uncommon Legendary Arcun Cycle
FlickerREPLACEMEHighborn Sovereign	WBG	uncommon	Creature — Human Knight Noble 	228	WBG	WBG	When Highborn Sovereign enters the battlefield, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn and creatures you don’t control get -1/-1 until end of turn.
Whenever a creature dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Highborn Sovereign.	2/2		normal	HOD		white black greenREPLACEMEHeart of Banefort	WG	uncommon	Creature — Azra Druid 	201	WG	4GW	Vigilance
Sacrifice a creature: Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	5/5		normal	HOD		Uncommon Legendary Arcun Cycle
Aristocrats
House BanefortREPLACEMEFlame of Radcliff	UR	uncommon	Creature — Kithkin Wizard 	207	UR	UR	Ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)
Whenever you cast or copy a spell that targets a creature you control, draw a card.	2/2		normal	HOD		Uncommon Legendary Arcun Cycle
Bloom enchantments
House RadcliffREPLACEMEArtillery Shot	RG	uncommon	Instant	197	RG	1RG	Target creature you control gets +1/+0 until end of turn. Whenever it deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker this turn, draw that many cards.
You may play an additional land this turn.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMESacrificial Lunge	BR	uncommon	Instant	195	BR	1BR	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Sacrificial Lunge deals damage to each opponent equal to the sacrificed creature’s power. At the beginning of the next end step, return the sacrificed creature to the battlefield under your control.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEKirsa Perle, the Sword of Perle	WR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Orc Soldier 	213	WR	1RW	Kirsa Perle has first strike as long as she is attacking.
When Kirsa Perle enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 blue Scout creature token. If she escaped, create three of those tokens instead.
Escape 3RW, Exile three other cards from your graveyard. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)	3/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEPetty Negotiations	UG	uncommon	Sorcery	215	UG	1GU	Draw two cards. You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMECitadel Loyalist	BG	uncommon	Creature — Zombie Soldier 	210	BG	BG	Lifelink
1, Sacrifice a creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Citadel Loyalist.	2/2		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEMonarch-Wing Retainer	WU	uncommon	Creature — Faerie Soldier 	190	WU	WU	Flash
Flying	2/2		normal	HOD		REPLACEMESuccumb to History	RG	uncommon	Instant	199	RG	RG	Choose one or more —
• Destroy target artifact.
• Destroy target enchantment.
• Exile target card from a graveyard.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMETrust in the Future	W	uncommon	Instant	35	W	W	Exile target card from a graveyard. You gain 3 life.
Escape—2W, Exile three other cards from your graveyard. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)			normal	HOD		Storyspotlight B7REPLACEMEKnighted	R	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	134	R	R	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+0 and has haste.
Escape—1R, Exile two other cards from your graveyard. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEPatrol the Geistwald	G	uncommon	Sorcery	172	G	G	Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Create a 2/1 red Soldier creature token in your reserves. (3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.)			normal	HOD		REPLACEMETurnberry Overseer	G	uncommon	Creature — Zombie Knight 	187	G	1G	Other Knights you control get +1/+1.
When Turnberry Overseer enters the battlefield, create a 3/3 green Knight that’s all colors in your reserves. (3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.)	2/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEWhitaker Captain	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	36	W	1W	At the beginning of your end step, create a 2/1 red Soldier creature token in your reserves. (3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.)	1/3		normal	HOD		REPLACEMENecrotic Pactmage	B	rare	Creature — Azra Warlock 	93	B	2B	When Necrotic Pactmage enters the battlefield, you may exile target creature card from your graveyard. If you do, create a token copy of that card in your reserves (3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.)	2/2		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEPlaskett Trickster	U	uncommon	Creature — Kithkin Rogue Wizard 	66	U	1UU	Deception 1U (1U, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
Whenever Plaskett Trickster enters the battlefield, exile target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard with mana value 2 or less. You may cast a copy of that card without paying its mana cost.	2/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEPlaskett Barber	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Assassin 	99	B	2B	Deception 1B (1B, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
When Plaskett Barber enters the battlefield, remove all counters from target permanent.	3/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMENye Charlatans	W	uncommon	Creature — Elf Pirate 	22	W	1W	Deception 2W (2W, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
When Nye Charlatans enters the battlefield during combat on your turn, create two 1/1 white Pirate creature tokens.	2/2		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEBinding Lightning	R	uncommon	Sorcery	121	R	R	Binding Lightning deals 2 damage to target opponent or planeswalker.
Escape—2R, Exile three other cards from your graveyard. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEBarroom Bout	G	uncommon	Sorcery	156	G	1G	Target creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn.
Escape—3G, Exile four other cards from your graveyard. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEImpulsive Replication	R	uncommon	Sorcery	133	R	2R	Create a token copy of target creature. The token gains haste and wane. (When it attacks or blocks, sacrifice it at end of combat.) (When this attacks or blocks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEHoist from Death	B	uncommon	Sorcery	90	B	3BB	Sacrifice a creature. When you do, return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to the battlefield. Put a lifelink counter on one. The other gains wane. (When it attacks or blocks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEFacestealing Mirrorkin	U	uncommon	Creature — Shapeshifter 	49	U	1U	You may have Facestealing Mirrorkin enter the battlefield as a copy of any creature on the battlefield, except it gains wane. (When this attacks or blocks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)	0/0		normal	HOD		REPLACEMESapner Elite	U	uncommon	Creature — Azra Wizard 	69	U	U	Bloom (Whenever you cast a spell that targets this, you may pay that spell’s mana cost. If you do, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.)
Ward 1 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 1.)	1/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMESapner Geomancer	R	uncommon	Creature — Gargoyle Wizard 	142	R	2R	Bloom (Whenever you cast a spell that targets this, you may pay that spell’s mana cost. If you do, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.)
Whenever you cast or copy a spell targeting Sapner Geomancer, Sapner Geomancer deals 2 damage to each opponent.	3/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMECloudkissed Accorder	G	uncommon	Creature — Azra Knight 	161	G	3G	Bloom (Whenever you cast a spell that targets this, you may pay that spell’s mana cost. If you do, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.)
Whenever you cast or copy a spell that targets Cloudkissed Accorder, put a +1/+1 counter on Cloudkissed Accorder. It gains trample until end of turn.	4/4		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEGrab and Go	U	uncommon	Instant	51	U	2UU	Choose one or more —
• Gain control of target token.
• Gain control of target artifact.			normal	HOD		Storyspotlight B6REPLACEMERead the Wingbeats	U	uncommon	Instant	67	U	3U	Surveil 2, then draw two cards. (To surveil 2, look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)			normal	HOD		REPLACEMERoyal Send-Off	U	uncommon	Instant	68	U	U	Shuffle any number of target cards in graveyards into their owner’s libraries. If twenty or more cards were shuffled into libraries this way, draw three cards. Otherwise, draw a card.			normal	HOD		Storyspotlight A5REPLACEMEBeginning of a Grand Heist	U	uncommon	Sorcery	42	U	4UU	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each creature that dealt damage to an opponent this turn.
Draw three cards.			normal	HOD		Storyspotlight B1REPLACEMEThe Call to Adventure	U	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	43	U	U	Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.
Enchanted creature has ward 1.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMELeft to Wander	W	uncommon	Instant	17	W	1W	Exile target nonland permanent. That permanent’s controller creates an X/X black Army creature token, where X is the exiled card’s mana value.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMETravelcart Guardian	W	uncommon	Creature — Orc Knight 	33	W	1W	Whenever another creature you control leaves the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on Travelcart Guardian.	1/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMETithe to the King	W	uncommon	Instant	32	W	1W	Choose one —
• Destroy target tapped creature with mana value 3 or greater.
• Counter target spell unless its controller pays 1.
• You gain 2 life and draw a card.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMETravelcarts Care	W	uncommon	Instant	34	W	1W	Distribute a +1/+1 counter, a lifelink counter, a vigilance counter, and a first strike among creatures you control.			normal	HOD		!exportname Travelcarts CareREPLACEMECatharsis of Grief	B	uncommon	Sorcery	80	B	BB	Draw two cards, then you lose 3 life unless you’ve attacked this turn.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEDeadly Interrogation	B	uncommon	Sorcery	83	B	B	Target opponent reveals all but one card in their hand. You choose a nonland card revealed this way. That player discards that card.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEMassacre at Ardleby	B	uncommon	Sorcery	92	B	1BB	All creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn. If a creature would die this turn, exile it instead.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEVance Soulsapper	B	uncommon	Creature — Faerie Warlock 	112	B	BB	Flying, deathtouch
When Vance Soulsapper enters the battlefield, each opponent discards a card.	1/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEGaze Upon Greatness	R	uncommon	Sorcery	128	R	2R	Surveil 2, then exile the top two cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may cast those cards. (To surveil 2, look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)			normal	HOD		REPLACEMERaving Bomber	R	uncommon	Creature — Kithkin Rogue 	139	R	1R	At the beginning of your upkeep, surveil 1, then Raving Bomber deals 1 damage to each opponent. (To surveil 1, look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)	1/3		normal	HOD		REPLACEMETorch	R	uncommon	Sorcery	147	R	2R	Torch deals 4 damage to any target. Mill two cards.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMETruetower Warden	R	uncommon	Creature — Orc Soldier 	148	R	3R	Reach
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)	2/4		normal	HOD		REPLACEMENurture	G	uncommon	Sorcery	171	G	2G	Put two +1/+1 counters on up to one target creature.
Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEScars of Wars Past	G	uncommon	Enchantment	183	G	G	At the beginning of your upkeep, mill two cards. When you do, if a land card was milled this way, put a vigilance counter, a trample counter, or a reach counter on target creature you control.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMETurnberry Mediator	G	uncommon	Creature — Gargoyle Knight 	186	G	1G	Vigilance, reach, trample
Whenever another Knight enters the battlefield under your control with your choice of a vigilance counter, reach counter, or trample counter on it.	2/2		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEWilderness Training	G	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	188	G	1G	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has hexproof and “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it.”			normal	HOD		REPLACEMENye Buccaneer	WUB	uncommon	Creature — Orc Pirate 	233	WUB	WUB	Whenever you cast a creature spell, create a 1/1 white Pirate creature token.
As long as you control five or more creatures, creatures you control get +1/+0 and have menace.	3/3		normal	HOD		white blue blackREPLACEMEHighguard of the Delta	WUB	rare	Creature — Gargoyle Soldier 	229	WUB	1WUB	Flying
Whenever a creature you control becomes blocked, you may exile it. If you do, return it to the battlefield at the end of combat.	4/2		normal	HOD		Tricolor Rare Cycle
white blue blackREPLACEMESerene Meditations	URG	rare	Instant	236	URG	1GUR	Choose one or more —
• Returns a card at random from your graveyard to your hand.
• Return a creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
• Returns a noncreature card from your graveyard to your hand.
Exile Serene Meditations.			normal	HOD		Tricolor Rare Cycle
green red blueREPLACEMECall of the King	W	common	Sorcery	2	W	2W	Choose one —
• Create The Occultist, a legendary 2/3 white Human Wizard creature token with lifelink.
• Create The Sword of Perle, a legendary 3/1 red Orc Soldier creature token with “This creature has first strike as long as it is attacking.”			normal	HOD		Legend maker cycleREPLACEMECastle Delta Lookout	W	common	Creature — Orc Pirate Scout 	4	W	1W	Deception 1W (1W, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
When Castle Delta Lookout enters the battlefield, target creature gains indestructible until end of turn.	3/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMECharitable Faerie	W	common	Creature — Faerie Cleric 	5	W	1W	Flying
When Charitable Faerie enters the battlefield, surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)	1/3		normal	HOD		REPLACEMERouls High Guard	W	common	Creature — Azra Soldier 	26	W	3W	Roul’s High Guard has first strike as long as it is attacking.
Whenever Roul’s High Guard deals combat damage to a player, create a 1/1 blue Scout creature token in your reserves. (3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.)	3/2		normal	HOD		!exportname Rouls High GuardREPLACEMECloudkissed Squire	W	common	Creature — Kithkin Knight 	6	W	2W	When Cloudkissed Squire enters the battlefield, create a Weapon token in your reserves. (You may pay 3 as a sorcery to move up to three tokens from your reserves to the battlefield. A Weapon token is an artifact Equipment with equip 2 and “Equipped creature gets +1/+1.”)	3/3		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEGive Penance	W	common	Sorcery	7	W	1W	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Exile target nonland permanent.			normal	HOD		RemovalREPLACEMEGlimpse	W	common	Instant	8	W	W	Draw a card, then surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEHonored Eagle	W	common	Creature — Bird 	9	W	2W	Flying
When Honored Eagle enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 red Scout creature token.	2/1		normal	HOD		Minor House Animal Cycle — PerleREPLACEMEHopeful Spouse	W	common	Creature — Human Peasant 	10	W	W	When Hopeful Spouse enters the battlefield, create a 3/3 Knight creature token that’s all colors in your reserves. (3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.)	1/2		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEImpaling Lance	W	common	Instant	13	W	1W	Impaling Lance deals 3 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.
Surveil 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEKings Rock Warden	W	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	14	W	W	Sacrifice a creature: Surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)	1/1		normal	HOD		!exportname Kings Rock WardenREPLACEMEKirsas Page	W	common	Creature — Orc Bard 	15	W	1W	When Kirsa’s Page enters the battlefield, create The Sword of Perle, a legendary 3/1 red Orc Soldier creature token with “This creature has first strike as long as it is attacking.” in your reserves. (3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.)	2/1		normal	HOD		!exportname Kirsas Page
\Page CycleREPLACEMEKnight of Skyspire	W	common	Creature — Human Knight 	16	W	4W	When Knight of Skyspire enters the battlefield, create a 3/3 Knight creature token that’s all colors.
Escape—4W, Exile five other cards from your graveyard. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)	2/2		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEOvercoming Squire	W	common	Creature — Human Knight 	23	W	1W	When Overcoming Squire enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life.
Escape—3W, Exile four other cards from your graveyard. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)	2/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMERivers Scoundrel	W	common	Creature — Kithkin Rogue 	25	W	3W	Deception 2W (2W, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
When Rivers Scoundrel enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on another target creature you control.	3/3		normal	HOD		REPLACEMETake Root	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	28	W	1W	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can’t attack or block.
W, Sacrifice a creature: Exile enchanted creature.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMETerrel Emissary	W	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	30	W	4W	Vigilance
Whenever Terrel Emissary attacks, you may sacrifice a creature. If you do, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	4/4		normal	HOD		REPLACEMETerrel Recruit	W	common	Creature — Gargoyle Soldier 	31	WBG	2W	As long as it’s your turn, Terrel Recruit has first strike.
B/G, Sacrifice another creature: Terrel Recruit gets +2/+0 until end of turn.	2/3		normal	HOD		Initiate CycleREPLACEMEWystans Page	W	common	Creature — Kithkin Knight Wizard 	38	W	2W	When Wystan’s Page enters the battlefield, create The Occultist, a legendary 2/3 white Human Wizard creature token with lifelink in your reserves. (3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.)	3/2		normal	HOD		!exportname Wystans PageREPLACEMEAerial Interceptor	U	common	Creature — Faerie Rogue 	39	U	4U	Flash
Flying
When Aerial Interceptor enters the battlefield, tap target permanent.	3/3		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEArtful Warsworn	U	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	40	U	1U	Bloom (Whenever you cast a spell that targets this, you may pay that spell’s mana cost. If you do, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.)
Whenever you cast or copy a noncreature spell, Artful Warsworn gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	2/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEAttwater Drakerider	U	common	Creature — Azra Knight 	41	U	2U	Flying
Bloom (Whenever you cast a spell that targets this, you may pay that spell’s mana cost. If you do, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.)	2/2		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEDevious Sellsword	U	common	Creature — Human Pirate 	45	U	3U	Deception 2U (2U, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
When Devious Sellsword enters the battlefield, tap target creature. It doesn’t untap during its controller’s next untap step.	3/3		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEDisappointment	U	common	Instant	46	U	2U	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you’ve attacked with a creature this turn.
Counter target spell unless its controller pays 4.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEEvertuning Crane	U	common	Creature — Bird Horror 	48	U	2U	Whenever Evertuning Crane attacks, choose one —
• Evertuning Crane gains flying until end of turn.
• Surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)	3/1		normal	HOD		Minor House Animal Cycle— RiversREPLACEMEGrand Snail Race at Riverdale	U	common	Instant	52	U	U	Target creature can’t be blocked this turn.
Surveil 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEKidnapping	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	55	U	1U	Enchant creature
When Kidnapping enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Enchanted creature has wane. (When it attacks or blocks, its controller sacrifices it at end of combat.)			normal	HOD		REPLACEMELost at Sea	U	common	Instant	57	U	2U	Return target creature to its owner’s hand.
Draw a card.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMELucky Break	U	common	Instant	58	U	1U	You may exile target creature, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.
Surveil 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)			normal	HOD		REPLACEMENaval Diplomacy	U	common	Instant	61	U	U	Choose one —
• Counter target noncreature spell unless its controller pays 1.
• Target permanent you control gains hexproof until end of turn.			normal	HOD		Storyspotlight B2
Mariyle CardREPLACEMENye Recruit	U	common	Creature — Human Pirate Scout 	63	WUB	1U	1W/B: Nye Recruit gains indestructible until end of turn. Tap it.	2/1		normal	HOD		Initiate CycleREPLACEMEPilferer of Shrouded Coasts	U	common	Creature — Human Rogue 	64	U	2U	Deception 1U (1U, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
Whenever Pilferer of Shrouded Coasts deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, draw a card.	2/2		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEPlaskett Informer	U	common	Creature — Kithkin Scout 	65	U	1U	When Plaskett Informer enters the battlefield, draw a card.	1/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMESecluded Arachnomorph	U	common	Creature — Spider Horror 	70	U	4U	Deception 3U (3U, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
Defender	6/6		normal	HOD		REPLACEMETavern Dealings	U	common	Instant	71	U	2U	Choose one —
• Create Diamond of the Nye, a legendary 2/1 blue Human Pirate with “This creature can’t be blocked.”
• Draw two cards, then discard a card.			normal	HOD		Legend Maker CycleREPLACEMETown Busybody	U	common	Creature — Faerie Peasant 	73	U	U	Flying
When Town Busybody enters the battlefield, surveil 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)	1/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEUnder the Cover of Ravens	U	common	Instant	74	U	1U	Until end of turn, target creature becomes a Horror with base power and toughness 4/4.
Draw a card.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEVance Devotee	U	common	Creature — Elf Warlock 	75	U	1U	When Vance Devotee enters the battlefield, create a 3/3 black Knight creature token with wane. (When it attacks or blocks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)	0/2		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEBlessing at Graven Laughs	B	common	Sorcery	78	B	1B	Choose one —
• Create Vance’s Claw, a legendary 1/2 black Elf Soldier creature token with deathtouch and lifelink.
• Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand. You gain 3 life.			normal	HOD		Legendary Maker Cycle
House VanceREPLACEMECreeping Mindreaper	B	common	Creature — Elf Assassin 	82	B	2B	Deception 2B (2B, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
Whenever Creeping Mindreaper deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, defending player discards a card.	3/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEDebt Collection	B	common	Instant	84	B	2B	Target creature gets -5/-5 until end of turn.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEDuplicitous Crow	B	common	Creature — Bird Horror 	86	B	B	Flying
When Duplicitous Crow enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life and each opponent loses 1 life.	1/1		normal	HOD		Normal House Animal Cycle — PlaskettREPLACEMEEdict of the Mirrorkin	B	common	Instant	87	B	1B	Target player sacrifices a nontoken creature.			normal	HOD		Storyspotlight A4REPLACEMEFleshborne Horror	B	common	Creature — Horror Knight 	88	B	3B	Wane (When this attacks or blocks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)
When Fleshborne Horror leaves the battlefield, draw a card.	5/5		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEFootmen of Deaths Sting	B	common	Creature — Kithkin Soldier 	89	B	1B	Wane (When this attacks or blocks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)
When Footmen of Death’s Sting enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 blue Scout creature tokens with wane.	1/1		normal	HOD		!exportname Footmen of Deaths StingREPLACEMEDishonorable End	B	common	Instant	85	B	2BB	This spell costs 2 less to cast if its target has mana value 4 or greater.
Exile target creature or planeswalker.
Exile Dishonorable End.			normal	HOD		RemovalREPLACEMEJump Scare	B	common	Sorcery	91	B	2B	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield, then return it to your hand.			normal	HOD		ReprintishREPLACEMEOvert Warning	B	common	Sorcery	96	B	B	Target opponent discards a card. Create a Clue token and 1/1 blue Scout creature token in your reserves. (3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.)			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEPlaskett Assassin	B	common	Creature — Kithkin Assassin 	98	B	1B	Deception B (B, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
When Plaskett Assassin enters the battlefield, exile up to two cards from graveyards.	2/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMESever the Legacy	B	common	Instant	100	B	B	Choose one or both —
• Destroy target creature with mana value 2 or less.
• Exile up to two cards from target player’s graveyard.			normal	HOD		RemovalREPLACEMESupernatural Stamina	B	common	Instant	101	B	B	Until end of turn, target creature gets +2/+0 and gains “When this creature dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control.”			normal	HOD		REPLACEMETerrel Stalwart	B	common	Creature — Orc Knight 	104	B	3B	Whenever one or more creatures you control dies, create a 1/1 blue Scout creature token in your reserves. This ability triggers once each turn. (3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.)	3/4		normal	HOD		REPLACEMETorrent of Destruction	B	common	Sorcery	106	B	3B	Put a menace counter on up to two target creatures you control. They get +1/+0 until end of turn.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMETurnberry Legionnaire	B	common	Creature — Zombie Knight 	107	B	2B	When Turnberry Legionnaire enters the battlefield, choose one —
• You draw a card and you lose 1 life.
• Each opponent discards a card and you gain 1 life.	3/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEVance Mentor	B	common	Creature — Elf Warlock 	110	B	3B	Menace
When Vance Mentor enters the battlefield, put a deathtouch counter or a lifelink counter on target creature.	3/3		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEVance Recruit	B	common	Creature — Elf Warrior 	111	UBR	2B	Wane (When this attacks or blocks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)
1U/R: Vance Recruit loses all abilities until end of turn.	4/4		normal	HOD		Initiate CycleREPLACEMEWhitaker Cavalry	B	common	Creature — Human Knight 	114	B	4B	Menace
When Whitaker Cavalry enters the battlefield, create a 3/3 Knight creature token that’s all colors in your reserves. (3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.)	4/4		normal	HOD		REPLACEMESkyspire Infantry	R	common	Creature — Gargoyle Knight 	143	R	4R	When Skyspire Infantry enters the battlefield, return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard. It gains haste and wane. (When this attacks or blocks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)	3/3		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEAncestral Anger	R	common	Sorcery	115	R	R	Target creature gains trample and gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is 1 plus the number of cards named Ancestral Anger in your graveyard.
Draw a card.			normal	HOD		ReprintREPLACEMEArdleby Gatekeeper	R	common	Creature — Spirit Soldier 	117	R	1R	Whenever Ardleby Gatekeeper enters the battlefield or attacks, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.	2/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEBarroom Gossip	R	common	Creature — Kithkin Bard Rogue 	118	R	2R	First strike
When Barroom Gossip enters the battlefield, target creature gains wane until end of turn. (When this attacks or blocks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)	2/2		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEBattle Scars	R	common	Sorcery	119	R	R	Battle Scars deals 1 damage to any target.
Escape—2R, Exile two other cards from your graveyard. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEBeckon Greatness	R	common	Sorcery	120	R	2R	Choose one —
• Create Lover to All, a legendary 2/3 red Human Noble creature token with menace.
• Create The Sword of Perle, a legendary 3/1 red Orc Soldier creature token with “This creature has first strike as long as it is attacking.”			normal	HOD		Legendary Maker CycleREPLACEMEDeaths Sting Diplomacy	R	common	Instant	125	R	1R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card or pay 2.
Death’s Sting Diplomacy deals 4 damage to any target.			normal	HOD		!exportname Deaths Sting DiplomacyREPLACEMEDetermination	R	common	Enchantment — Aura 	126	R	1R	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and can’t block.
Escape—2R, Exile two other cards from your graveyard (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEDoting Caress	R	common	Sorcery	127	R	1R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card.
Surveil 2, then draw two cards. (To surveil 2, look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEArdent Warsworn	R	common	Creature — Kithkin Soldier 	116	R	1R	Menace
When Ardent Warsworn enters the battlefield, Ardent Warsworn deals 2 damage to each opponent.	2/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEGleaming Courage	R	common	Sorcery	130	R	1R	Target creature gains double strike until end of turn. Surveil 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEHardy Bears	R	common	Creature — Bear 	131	R	1R	Bloom (Whenever you cast a spell that targets this, you may pay that spell’s mana cost. If you do, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.)
1R: Hardy Bears gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	2/2		normal	HOD		Normal House Animal CycleREPLACEMEPetty Thief	R	common	Creature — Ouphe Warrior 	135	R	3R	Whenever one or more cards leave your graveyard, Petty Thief deals 1 damage to each opponent.	4/3		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEPhyre Sellsword	R	common	Creature — Orc Rogue 	137	R	2R	Phyre Sellsword can’t block.
When Phyre Sellsword enters the battlefield, surveil 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)	3/3		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEPuncturing Blow	R	common	Sorcery	138	R	2RR	Puncturing Blow deals 5 damage to target creature. If that creature would die this turn, exile it instead.			normal	HOD		
ReprintREPLACEMERey Recruit	R	common	Creature — Human Knight 	141	WRG	R	1G/W, T: Mill a card, then put a +1/+1 counter on Rey Recruit.	1/2		normal	HOD		Initiate CycleREPLACEMEPhyre Champion	R	common	Creature — Satyr Soldier 	136	R	2R	Bloom (Whenever you cast a spell that targets this, you may pay that spell’s mana cost. If you do, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.)
Whenever you cast or copy a noncreature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Phyre Champion.	2/2		normal	HOD		REPLACEMESummer Tryst	R	common	Instant	145	R	R	Draw a card.
Escape—1R, Discard a card, Exile three other cards from your graveyard. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEWilliams Page	R	common	Creature — Gargoyle Soldier 	151	R	5R	When William’s Page enters the battlefield, choose one —
• Create Lover to All, a legendary 2/3 red Human Noble creature token with menace.
• Destroy target artifact or nonbasic land.	5/5		normal	HOD		!exportname Williams PageREPLACEMEAggressive Urge	G	common	Instant	152	G	1G	Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Draw a card.			normal	HOD		ReprintREPLACEMEArdleby Vanguard	G	common	Creature — Satyr Knight 	153	G	3G	Bloom (Whenever you cast a spell that targets this, you may pay that spell’s mana cost. If you do, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.)
When Ardleby Vanguard enters the battlefield, draw a card.	3/3		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEAttwater Explorer	G	common	Creature — Azra Knight Scout 	154	G	1G	Bloom (Whenever you cast a spell that targets this, you may pay that spell’s mana cost. If you do, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.)
Ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)	2/2		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEBanefort Archer	G	common	Creature — Azra Archer Scout 	155	G	1G	Deathtouch
When Banefort Archer dies, create a 3/3 Knight creature token that’s all colors in your reserves. (3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.)	1/1		normal	HOD		REPLACEMECherrywood Purification	G	common	Sorcery	159	G	2G	Choose one —
• Return target card from your graveyard to your hand.
• Exile target artifact or enchantment.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMECitadel Outrider	G	common	Creature — Zombie Knight 	160	G	3G	Trample
1, Sacrifice a creature: Citadel Outrider gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate once each turn.	4/4		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEFlowing Streams Tracker	G	common	Creature — Kithkin Scout 	162	G	G	Bloom (Whenever you cast a spell that targets this, you may pay that spell’s mana cost. If you do, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.)	1/2		normal	HOD		REPLACEMEGuerrilla Ambush	G	common	Instant	168	G	2G	Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn. Create a 1/1 blue Scout creature token.			normal	HOD		Storyspotlight B3REPLACEMEHouse Negotiations	G	common	Sorcery	169	G	3GG	Choose one —
• Create The Gentle Giant, a legendary 5/5 green Azra Knight creature token with vigilance.
• Put X +1/+1 counters on target creature, where X is that creature’s power.			normal	HOD		Legend Maker CycleREPLACEMEMaster the Old Ways	G	common	Enchantment — Aura 	170	G	G	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+0 and has trample.
Escape—1G, Exile two other cards from your graveyard. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEReady Response	G	common	Enchantment — Aura 	175	G	2G	Enchant creature
When Ready Response enters the battlefield, surveil 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)
Enchanted creature gets +3/+2 and has vigilance.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEReplenishing Camp	G	common	Enchantment — Aura 	176	G	G	Enchant land
When Replenishing Camp enters the battlefield, create a 3/3 Knight creature token that’s all colors in your reserves. (3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.)
Enchanted land has “T: Add one mana of any color.”			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEResolute Elk	G	common	Creature — Elk Spirit 	177	G	4GG	When Resolute Elk enters the battlefield, create a 3/3 Knight creature token that’s all colors in your reserves. (3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.)	6/6		normal	HOD		Minor house animal cycle — TurnberryREPLACEMERevenge of the Geistwald	G	common	Instant	178	G	G	Choose one —
• Target creature you control fights target creature you don’t control.
• Target creature you control deals damage equal to twice its power to target creature you don’t control with flying.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMESapner Hunter	G	common	Creature — Azra Archer 	181	G	2G	Flash
Reach
Sapner Hunter has deathtouch as long as it is blocking a creature with flying.	2/3		normal	HOD		REPLACEMESapner Recruit	G	common	Creature — Kithkin Scout 	182	URG	2G	Whenever Sapner Recruit attacks, you may pay U/R. If you do, target creature can’t block this turn.	3/1		normal	HOD		Initiate CycleREPLACEMEGeistwald Explorer	G	common	Creature — Gargoyle Scout 	166	G	2G	Escape—3G, Exile three other cards from your graveyard. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)
Geistwald Explorer escapes with a trample counter or vigilance counter on it.	3/3		normal	HOD		REPLACEMESpellwild Ouphe	G	common	Creature — Ouphe 	184	G	1G	Spells that target Spellwild Ouphe cost 2 less to cast.	1/3		normal	HOD		REPLACEMETend to the Wounded	G	common	Instant	185	G	G	Create a 3/3 Knight creature token that’s all colors in your reserves. (3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.)
You gain 3 life.			normal	HOD		REPLACEMEReserves-Black		common	Token Reminder	2	C		You put tokens that you create in your reserves here. They are not on the battlefield and don’t trigger enter the battlefield abilities.
3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.			token	HOD		!exportname Reserves-Black
!related Callous Commander; Necrotic Pactmage; Overt Warning; Terrel Stalwart; Turnberry Scout; Whitaker Cavalry; Writ of Supplies;REPLACEMEReserves-Green		common	Token Reminder	3	C		You put tokens that you create in your reserves here. They are not on the battlefield and don’t trigger enter the battlefield abilities.
3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.			token	HOD		!exportname Reserves-Green
!related Banefort Archer; Foliage Decoy; Patrol the Geistwald; Replenishing Camp; Resolute Elk; Tend to the Wounded; Turnberry Overseer; Capac Suyay, Grim Seeker;REPLACEMEReserves White		common	Token Reminder	1	C		You put tokens that you create in your reserves here. They are not on the battlefield and don’t trigger enter the battlefield abilities.
3: Put up to three tokens from your reserves onto the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.			token	HOD		!exportname Reserves White
!related Cloudkissed Squire; Hopeful Spouse; Imani Whitaker; Kirsa’s Page; Leon Terrel, Unspoken Heir; Rouls High Guard; Whitaker Captain; Wystan’s Page; Roul Banefort, the Stern;REPLACEMEIntisuyus Armies	W	common	Token Enchantment	4	W		At the beginning of your upkeep, create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token for each creature you control.			token	HOD		!exportname Intisuyus Armies
!related Capac Suyay, Grim Seeker<2>;REPLACEMENoble	W	common	Token Creature — Noble 	20	W			5/5		normal	HOD		!related Leon’s Claim;REPLACEMEThe Occultist	W	common	Token Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	5	W		Lifelink	2/3		token	HOD		Renowned Cycle
!related Call of the King; Wystan’s Page;REPLACEMEDewold Pirate	W	common	Token Creature — Pirate 	6	W			1/1		token	HOD		!exportname Dewold Pirate
!related Nye Charlatans <2>; Nye Buccaneer;REPLACEMESuyay's Soldier	W	common	Token Creature — Soldier 	7	W			2/2		token	HOD		!exportname Suyay’s Soldier
!related Capac Suyay, Grim Seeker<2>; Intisuyu’s Armies;REPLACEMEDewold Bird	U	common	Token Creature — Bird 	8	U		Flying	1/1		token	HOD		!exportname Dewold Bird
!related Claes, Wandering Alone;REPLACEMEThe Diamond of the Nye	U	common	Token Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	9	U		The Diamond of the Nye can’t be blocked.	2/1		token	HOD		Renowned Cycle
!related Tavern Dealings;REPLACEMEHappy Scout	U	common	Token Creature — Scout 	10	U			1/1		token	HOD		!exportname Happy Scout
!related Imani Whitaker; Rouls High Guard; Wystan Terrel, the Occultist <2>; Footmen of Death’s Sting <2>; Overt Warning; Terrel Stalwart; Guerrilla Ambush; Kirsa Perle, the Sword of Perle;REPLACEMEDewold Army	B	common	Token Creature — Army 	11	B			X/X		token	HOD		!exportname Dewold Army
!related Left to WanderREPLACEMEHorror	B	common	Token Creature — Horror 	12	B			8/8		token	HOD		!related Gosfridus Turnberry;REPLACEMEWane Knight	B	common	Token Creature — Knight 	13	B		Wane (When this attacks or blocks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)	3/3		token	HOD		!exportname Wane Knight
!related Vance Devotee;REPLACEMEVances Claw	B	common	Token Legendary Creature — Elf Soldier 	14	B		Deathtouch, lifelink	1/2		token	HOD		!exportname Vances Claw
Renowned Cycle
!related Blessing at Graven Laughs;REPLACEMELover to All	R	common	Token Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	15	R		Menace	3/2		token	HOD		Renowned Cycle
!related Beckon Greatness; William’s Page;REPLACEMEBadgerScout	R	common	Token Creature — Scout 	16	R			1/1		token	HOD		!exportname BadgerScout
!related Honored Eagle; King’s Rock Castle;REPLACEMEOld Soldier	R	common	Token Creature — Soldier 	17	R		Wane (When this attacks or blocks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)	2/1		token	HOD		!exportname Old Soldier
!related Minna Radcliff, the Swift;REPLACEMEYoung Soldier	R	common	Token Creature — Soldier 	18	R			2/1		token	HOD		!exportname Young Soldier
!related Whitaker Captain; Turnberry Scout <2>; Patrol the Geistwald; Leon’s Claim; Hulking Vessel;REPLACEMEThe Sword of Perle	R	common	Token Legendary Creature — Orc Soldier 	19	R		The Sword of Perle has first strike as long as it is attacking.	3/1		token	HOD		Renowned Cycle
!related Call of the King; Kirsa’s Page; Beckon Greatness;REPLACEMEThe Gentle Giant	G	common	Token Legendary Creature — Azra Knight 	20	G		Vigilance	5/5		token	HOD		!related House Negotiations;REPLACEMEProtection-Knight	WUBRG	common	Token Creature — Knight 	22	WUBRG		Knight is all colors.	3/3		token	HOD		!exportname Protection-Knight
!related Hopeful Spouse; Leon Terrel, Unspoken Heir; Whitaker Cavalry; Tend to the Wounded; Leon’s Claim;REPLACEMEDestroyed-Knight	WUBRG	common	Token Creature — Knight 	21	WUBRG		Knight is all colors.	3/3		token	HOD		!exportname Destroyed-Knight
!related Knight of Skyspire; Banefort Archer; Replenishing Camp; Resolute Elk; Turnberry Overseer;REPLACEMEClue		common	Token Artifact — Clue 	23	C		2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.			token	HOD		!related Overt Warning; Writ of Supplies;REPLACEMEFood		common	Token Artifact — Food 	24	C		2, T, Sacrifice this artifact: You gain 3 life.			token	HOD		!related Travelcart Supplier; Writ of SuppliesREPLACEMETreasure		common	Token Artifact — Treasure 	25	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.			token	HOD		!related Wealthy Slabman; Writ of Supplies;REPLACEMEWeapon		common	Token Artifact — Equipment 	26	C		Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Equip 2			token	HOD		!related Cloudkissed Squire; Wealthy Slabman;REPLACEME