Burgeoning Satrapy		common	Land — Satrapy 	278	C		T: Add C.
Satrapycycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Search your library for a Satrapy card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)			normal	ROS		fullart
NeutralREPLACEMESoli Fortress		uncommon	Land — Satrapy 	288	W		As Soli Fortress enters, you may pay 1 life. If you don’t, Soli Fortress enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add W.”			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMECyrukan of Heart and Iron	WR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Cleric 	220	WR	3RW		6/4	(Transcend as a sorcery to gain that type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Whenever Cyrukan enters or transcends, create two 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens with haste.
2RW: Angel
Creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain first strike until end of turn.
3RW: Elder
Creatures you control gain lifelink and vigilance until end of turn.	class	ROS		fullart
He/himREPLACEMERahstahde, Brand of Truth	UR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	215	UR	UR		2/1	(Transcend as a sorcery to gain that type and a +1/+1 counter.)
The first instant or sorcery spell you cast on each of your turns costs U/R (or 1) less to cast.
UR: Angel
Put a flying counter and a prowess counter on Rahstahde.
5UR: Elder
Exile any number of instant and/or sorcery cards from your graveyard. For each card exiled this way, copy it, and you may cast the copy without paying its mana cost.	class	ROS		She/her
fullartREPLACEMEFahrib the EverScheming	UB	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Advisor 	199	UB	UB		2/3	(Transcend as a sorcery to gain that type and a +1/+1 counter.)
You may play cards exiled with Fahrib and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any color to play them.
UB: Demon
Each player exiles a card from their hand.
4UB: Elder
Exile the top five cards of each player’s library. Fahrib gains “Spells you cast from anywhere other than your hand cost 2 less to cast.”	class	ROS		!exportname Fahrib the EverScheming
They/them
fullartREPLACEMEMahara, General of All	WB	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	212	WB	4WB		4/4	(Transcend as a sorcery to gain that type and a +1/+1 counter.)
When Mahara enters, if you cast them, destroy all other creatures.
WB: Angel
You gain 4 life and amass Soldiers 4. (Put four +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)
5WB: Elder
Amass Soldiers 20.	class	ROS		They/them
fullartREPLACEMEAbwad Kahroba, Failed Son	WG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Mutant Warrior 	208	WG	1GW		3/3	(Transcend as a sorcery to gain that type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Vigilance, trample
GW: Demon
Abwad Kahroba gains “At the beginning of combat on your turn, put a +1/+1 counter on another target creature.
XGW: Elder
Create X 2/1 black Horror creature tokens. You gain X life.	class	ROS		fullart
He/himREPLACEMETamaak the Arid Swarm	BG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Insect 	219	BG	2BG		4/4	(Transcend as a sorcery to gain that type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Flying
Tamaak the Arid Swarm can only transcend if you’ve sacrificed a permanent this turn.
BG: Demon
Create two 1/1 black Insect creature tokens with flying.
XBG: Elder
Destroy each other nonland, nontoken permanent with mana value X or less.	class	ROS		She/her
fullartREPLACEMEMartoob of Flowing Life	UG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Druid 	224	UG	2GU		4/4	(Transcend as a sorcery to gain that type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Ward X, where X is the number of counters on Martoob of Flowing Life.
Vigilance
GU: Angel
Put a +1/+1 counter on each other creature you control.
2GU: Elder
Double the number of counters on permanents you control.	class	ROS		fullart
She/her
remove the counters on first transcend if too muchREPLACEMENizev Fortress		uncommon	Land — Satrapy 	285	U		As Nizev Fortress enters, you may pay 1 life. If you don’t, Nizev Fortress enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add U.”			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEKaneh Fortress		uncommon	Land — Satrapy 	282	B		As Kaneh Fortress enters, you may pay 1 life. If you don’t, Kaneh Fortress enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add B.”			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEAvaz Fortress		uncommon	Land — Satrapy 	275	R		As Avaz Fortress enters, you may pay 1 life. If you don’t, Avaz Fortress enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add R.”			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEDanaj Fortress		uncommon	Land — Satrapy 	279	G		As Danaj Fortress enters, you may pay 1 life. If you don’t, Danaj Fortress enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add G.”			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEFahribs Command	WUBG	rare	Sorcery	242	WUBG	GWUB	Choose two — 
• The next time a triggered ability of a permanent you control would trigger this turn, that ability triggers an additional time.
• Search your library for a creature card with mana value 2 or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.
• Create a token that’s a copy of a creature you control.
• Sacrifice a creature. If you do, draw two cards.			normal	ROS		!exportname Fahribs Command
Four Color Command Cycle
ReartREPLACEMETamaaks Command	WBRG	rare	Sorcery	256	WBRG	BRGW	Choose two —
• Each opponent sacrifices a nontoken creature.
• Each opponent sacrifices a nontoken artifact or enchantment.
• Each opponent sacrifices a nontoken planeswalker or battle.
• Return a permanent card in a graveyard that was put there this turn to the battlefield under your control.			normal	ROS		!exportname Tamaaks Command
Four Color Command Cycle
fullart
black red green whiteREPLACEMEAndazir's Command	UBRG	rare	Instant	228	UBRG	UBRG	Choose two —
• Exile target creature with the greatest power among creatures on the battlefield.
• Target player looks at the top four cards of their library. They put one into their hand, then exile the rest.
• Exile up to four target cards from opponents graveyards.
• Until the end of your next turn, target player may play cards exiled by Andazir’s Command.			normal	ROS		fullart
Four Color Command Cycle
black blue red greenREPLACEMECyrukans Command	WUBR	rare	Sorcery	233	WUBR	WUBR	Choose two —
• After the first postcombat main phase this turn, there’s an additional combat phase followed by an additional main phase. Creatures you control gain vigilance until end of turn.
• Creatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn.
• Creatures you control gain lifelink until end of turn.
• Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn.			normal	ROS		!exportname Cyrukans Command
Four Color Command Cycle
fullart
white blue black redREPLACEMEDawn Over Soli	W	rare	Battle — Encounter   	13	W	2W	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Dawn Over Soli enters or is defeated, look at the top five cards of your library. Put up to one creature card with mana value 2 or less from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	ROS	3	White RarefullartREPLACEMEScorned Arcanist	U	rare	Creature — Azra Wizard 	66	U	2U	Flash
When Scorned Arcanist enters, if a creature would enter under an opponent’s control this turn, instead exile that creature and that creature’s controller amasses Soldiers X, where X is that creature’s mana value.  (They put X +1/+1 counters on an Army they control. It’s also a Soldier. If they don’t control an Army, they create a 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)	3/1		normal	ROS		fullart

MORGAN
Scornful Arcanist
Archmage of GloryREPLACEMEReckoner of Kaneh	B	rare	Creature — Angel Soldier 	108	B	2B	Lionize 1B (1B, Exile this card from your hand:
Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following abilities until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)
Flying, lifelink
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, remove all counters from target permanent they control or protect.	3/1		normal	ROS		fullart

MORGAN
Mahara’s Desolator
Reckoner of Kaneh
Shadowblack AngelREPLACEMEArchfiend of Rage	R	rare	Creature — Manticore Demon 	121	R	3RR	Flying, trample
Once each turn, whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, you may copy it. If you do, you may choose new targets for the copy.	5/5		normal	ROS		MORGAN
Manticore Demon
Archfiend of RageREPLACEMEHerald of Ruination	G	rare	Creature — Azra Citizen 	178	G	G	Whenever you put a counter on another permanent you control, put a +1/+1 counter on Herald of Ruination. This ability triggers only once each turn.
Surpass 5G (5G: Transform this creature. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	1/1		transform double faced	ROS		Ruination's Hand	G	Creature — Demon Soldier 	G		At the beginning of combat on your turn, Ruination’s Hand gains flying until end of turn if a creature you control or a creature card in your graveyard has flying. The same is true for first strike, double strike, deathtouch, hexproof, haste, indestructible, lifelink, menace, reach, trample, and vigilance.	3/3			Fullart
KahrobaREPLACEMEListless Maneli	W	rare	Creature — Nephilim Merfolk Cleric 	24	W	1W	Whenever you gain life, put a +1/+1 counter on Listless Maneli.
Surpass 5W (5W: Transform this creature. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	1/1		transform double faced	ROS		Focused Savior	W	Creature — Angel Merfolk Cleric 	W		Flying
Whenever a creature you control attacks, you gain 1 life.	2/2			Atieh
Fullart
White RareREPLACEMEDawn Over Nizev	U	rare	Battle — Encounter   	48	U	3UU	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Dawn Over Nizev enters, draw three cards.
When Dawn Over Nizev is defeated, exile it. If you do, you may cast a spell from your hand without paying its mana cost.			normal	ROS	6	fullartREPLACEMEJahi of Endless Hunger	B	rare	Creature — Demon Wizard 	100	B	2BB	Lionize 2B (2B, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following abilities until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)
Flying
Sacrifice a creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature and tap it. Any player may activate this ability.	6/6		normal	ROS		Tamaak
fullartREPLACEMEHuma of Glory	R	rare	Creature — Phoenix 	135	R	1RR	Flying, haste
Whenever a battle you control is defeated, you may return Huma of Glory from your graveyard to the battlefield.	3/2		normal	ROS		fullart

MORGAN
Phoenix of Glory
Divine FirebirdREPLACEMEDawn Over Danaj	G	rare	Battle — Encounter   	167	G	3GG	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Dawn Over Danaj enters or is defeated, draw cards equal to the greatest power among creatures you control.			normal	ROS	4	FullartREPLACEMESolis Crossbowmaster	W	rare	Creature — Nephilim Ranger 	33	W	3W	Whenever Soli Arbalist or a nontoken Angel or Nephilim you control enters, amass Soldiers 2. If it was an Angel, amass Soldiers 4 instead. (To amass Soldiers 2, put two +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create a 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)	2/2		normal	ROS		!exportname Solis Crossbowmaster
White Rarefullart
CyrukanREPLACEMEAcolyte of Water	U	rare	Creature — Nephilim Cleric 	40	U	2U	Whenever you draw a card, put a +1/+1 counter on Acolyte of Water.
Surpass 5U (5U: Transform this creature. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	2/2		transform double faced	ROS		Acolyte of Life	U	Creature — Angel Cleric 	U		Flying
Whenever you draw a card, put a +1/+1 counter on Acolyte of Life.
Remove two counters from Acolyte of Life: It phases out. (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist until its controller’s next turn.)	3/3			fullart
MartoobREPLACEMEVagabond of the Dunes	B	rare	Creature — Human Warlock 	117	B	1B	When Vagabond of the Dunes enters, each opponent discards a card.
Whenever an opponent discards a card, put a +1/+1 counter on Vagabond of the Dunes.
Surpass 5B (5B: Transform this creature. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter
on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	0/1		transform double faced	ROS		Fahrib's Lieutenant	B	Creature — Azra Assassin 	B		Menace
Each opponent’s maximum hand size is reduced by the number of counters on Fahrib’s Lieutenant.
Whenever an opponent discards a card, put a +1/+1 counter on Fahrib’s Lieutenant.	2/2			Fahrib
fullartREPLACEMEInspiring Tactician	G	rare	Creature — Nephilim Advisor 	179	G	1G	Whenever Inspiring Tactician or another permanent you control becomes the target of a spell or ability you don’t control, amass Soldiers 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)	3/2		normal	ROS		fullart
MArtoob

MORGAN
Inspiring TacticianREPLACEMEChained to the Roc	W	rare	Enchantment — Aura 	9	W	W	Enchant creature with flying you control
When Chained to the Roc enters, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until Chained to the Roc leaves the battlefield.			normal	ROS		White RarefullartREPLACEMEEmpyrean Scholar	U	rare	Creature — Angel Dragon 	50	U	5UU	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may tap
any number of untapped Angels or Nephilim you control. This spell costs 1 less to cast for each creature tapped this way.
Flying, vigilance
When Empyrean Scholar enters, each creature tapped to pay this spell’s additional cost becomes a 4/4 Angel creature with flying and vigilance. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)	6/6		normal	ROS		Atieh
FULLARTREPLACEMEDawn Over Kaneh	B	rare	Battle — Encounter   	89	B	XB	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Dawn Over Kaneh enters, return any number of creature cards in your graveyard with total mana value X or less to the battlefield. They become Armies in addition to their other types.			normal	ROS	X	fullartREPLACEMESlinking Raider	R	rare	Creature — Azra Rogue 	153	R	R	Slinking Raider can’t be blocked by creatures with greater power.
Whenever Slinking Raider deals damage to a player or noncreature permanent, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
Surpass 5R (5R: Transform this creature.
This costs 1 less to activate for each counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	1/1		transform double faced	ROS		Forthright Wrecker	R	Creature — Demon Warrior 	R		Trample
Whenever Forthright Wrecker deals combat damage to a player or noncreature permanent, it deals that much damage to each planeswalker that player controls and each battle that player protects.	3/3			fullart
SahraREPLACEMESpawn of Andazir	G	rare	Creature — Snake Hydra 	193	G	XG	Spawn of Andazir enters with X +1/+1
counters on it.
Lionize 2G (2G, Exile this card from your hand:
Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following ability until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)
Whenever this creature deals damage to a player or noncreature permanent, double the number of +1/+1
counters on it.	0/0		normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEConsult the Lineage	W	rare	Enchantment	11	W	3W	At the beginning of your end step, return target creature card with mana value X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield with a finality counter on it, where X is the greatest number of creatures you control that share a creature type.			normal	ROS		fullart
White RareREPLACEMEPredatory Tombstalker	BRG	rare	Creature — Manticore 	250	BRG	BRG	Flying
Cards in graveyards lose all names, card types, and abilities.
Spells and abilities your opponents control can’t cause you to sacrifice Manticores.	3/3		normal	ROS		manticore
fullart
black red green

MORGAN
Manticore of Graves
Predatory TombstalkerREPLACEMEHerald of Untold Riches	RG	rare	Creature — Human Warrior 	206	RG	RG	Trample, haste
Herald of Untold Riches gets +1/+1 for each color among other spells you’ve cast this turn.	2/2		normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEA Matricide Most Foul	WG	rare	Battle — Encounter   	209	WG	2GW	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When A Matricide Most Foul enters or is defeated, each opponent exiles a permanent they control with the highest mana value among nonland permanents they control.			normal	ROS	4	FullartREPLACEMERhythm of Soli	W	rare	Enchantment	28	W	2WW	As Rhythm of Soli enters, choose Atieh or Kahroba.
• Atieh — Creatures you control have lifelink.
• Kahroba — Creatures you control enter with an additional +1/+1 counter on them.			normal	ROS		White RareGround cycle
fullartREPLACEMEIngratiate	U	rare	Sorcery	52	U	1UU	Gain control of target creature if its power is less than or equal to the number of counters on creatures you control.			normal	ROS		fullart

MORGAN
Ingratiate
Recruit the HumbleREPLACEMEAzra Warshaper	BG	rare	Creature — Azra Warrior 	217	BG	BG	Whenever you cast an Azra spell, mill three cards.
Whenever you cast a Demon spell, you may return an Azra card with lesser mana value than that spell from your graveyard to the battlefield.	2/2		normal	ROS		Tamaak
fullart

MORGAN
Fist of Tamaak
Azra WarshaperREPLACEMEFigments of the Muktann	WR	rare	Battle — Encounter   	221	WR	2RW	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
Whenever a creature you control attacks Figments of the Muktann, create a token that’s a copy of that creature that’s tapped and attacking the player protecting Figments of the Muktann. Sacrifice the token at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	ROS	5	fullartREPLACEMEDreaded of Sahra	G	rare	Creature — Demon Warrior 	170	G	6GG	Trample
When Dreaded of Sahra enters, creatures you control become 8/8 Demons in addition to their other types until end of turn.	8/8		normal	ROS		Sahra

MORGAN
Cavern Behemoth
Dreaded of Sahra
Entropy DemonREPLACEMEAtiehs Disciple	WU	rare	Creature — Nephilim Cleric 	197	WU	WU	2: Atieh’s Disciple gains flying, vigilance, or lifelink until end of turn.
Whenever another Angel or Nephilim you control enters, put a +1/+1 counter on Atieh’s Disciple.
Surpass 4WU (4WU: Transform this creature. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	2/2		transform double faced	ROS		Atiehs Disciple	WU	Creature — Angel Cleric 	WU		Flying, vigilance, lifelink
Whenever Atieh’s Favored attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on each other Angel or Nephilim creature you control.	3/3			!exportname Atiehs Disciple
!backfacename Atiehs Favored
Atieh

MORGAN
Atieh’s Truthseeker
//
Atieh’s FavoredREPLACEMEPeer into Eternity	U	rare	Instant	58	U	XUUU	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each Angel and/or Nephilim you control.
Draw X cards.			normal	ROS		Story Spotlight 4/14
fullartREPLACEMETriumphant Greed	B	rare	Instant	116	B	B	Destroy target creature or planeswalker you don’t control. Its controller creates two tapped Treasure tokens.			normal	ROS		fullart

MORGAN
Silence the Wicked
Judge the Foul
Merchant’s Revenge
Shed Blood

Sorry I stabbed your uncle. Here’s some gold.REPLACEMERhythm of Avaz	R	rare	Enchantment	150	R	2R	As Rhythm of Avaz enters, choose Cyrukan or Sahra.
• Cyrukan — At the beginning of combat on your turn, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.
• Sahra — Creatures you control have menace, haste, and attack each combat if able.			normal	ROS		Ground cycle
FullartREPLACEMERhythm of Danaj	G	rare	Enchantment	187	G	4G	As Rhythm of Danaj enters, choose Martoob or Tamaak.
• Martoob — At the beginning of your end step, return a nonland card at random from your graveyard to your hand.
• Tamaak — At the beginning of your end step, you may sacrifice a creature. If you do, draw cards equal to its power.			normal	ROS		Ground cycle
fullartREPLACEMEMehr's Last Captain	WB	rare	Creature — Skeleton Wizard 	213	WB	1WB	WB, Pay X life: Return target creature card with mana value X from your graveyard to the battlefield with a finality counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery and only once each turn.
WB, Pay 3 life: Return Mehr’s Last Captain from your graveyard to the battlefield with a finality counter on it.	2/2		normal	ROS		fullart
Neutral

MORGAN
Sagacious Ghul
Revitalized VizierREPLACEMEAbbas and Laila	UR	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Merfolk Wizard 	214	UR	2UR	Whenever you cast your first noncreature spell each turn, you may cast a creature spell that costs less than the noncreature spell from your hand without paying its mana cost.
Whenever you attack with three or more creatures, target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard gains flashback until end of turn. The flashback cost is equal to its mana cost.	3/3		normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEMehr's Unending Horde	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Zombie Soldier Army 	104	B	B	If you would create an Army token while Mehr’s Unending Horde is in your graveyard, you may instead return Mehr’s Unending Horde from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Counters remain on Mehr’s Unending Horde as it moves to any zone other than a player’s hand or library.	1/1		normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMELast Priest of Hadak	R	rare	Creature — Human Shaman 	141	R	1R	Whenever Last Priest of Hadak attacks, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.
Whenever you discard a card, you may exile that card from your graveyard. During any turn you dealt damage to a player with a Dragon or Shaman, you may play that card.	1/3		normal	ROS		FullartREPLACEMENozar, Dunesea Merchant	UG	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Merchant 	225	UG	GU	If another creature with a +1/+1 counter on it you control would die, instead remove a counter from it. If you do, it phases out. (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist until its controller’s next turn.)	2/2		normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMERally the Armies	G	rare	Instant	186	G	XGG	Amass Soldiers X. You gain life equal to the greatest power among creatures you control. (Put X +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)			normal	ROS		kaneh

MORGAN
Rally the REPLACEMERhythm of Kaneh	B	rare	Enchantment	110	B	3B	As Rhythm of Kaneh enters, choose Andazir or Mahara.
• Andazir — Whenever a creature you control attacks, defending player discards a card.
• Mahara — Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, amass Soldiers X, where X is that creature’s power.			normal	ROS		Ground cycle
FullartREPLACEMESavior Tactician	W	rare	Creature — Angel Soldier 	29	W	3WW	Lionize 1W (1W, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following abilities until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)
Flying
Other creatures you control get +1/+1.	4/4		normal	ROS		!exportname Savior Tactician
Cyrukan
White Rare
Fullart

MORGAN
Savior-Tactician
Angel of the Holy BladeREPLACEMEMartoob Lifeshaper	U	rare	Creature — Nephilim Wizard 	54	U	2U	Lionize 2U (2U, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following ability until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, draw that many cards.	1/1		normal	ROS		fullart
MartoobREPLACEMEDali, the Eyes of Danaj	UBG	rare	Legendary Creature — Sphinx Noble 	234	UBG	3BGU	Flying, ward 3
Whenever you cast a spell from your hand, you may exile target card that shares a type with it from a graveyard. Until the end of your next turn, you may play that card.	5/5		normal	ROS		fullart
Black green blue
SatrapREPLACEMEDesolate Advance	B	rare	Instant	91	B	1B	You draw a card and you lose 1 life.
Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, you may pay 1 life. If you do, return Desolate Advance from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	ROS		fullart

MORGAN
Desolate AdvanceREPLACEMEFurious Blow	R	rare	Sorcery	133	R	2R	Furious Blow deals 4 damage to any target.
2R, Exile Furious Blow from your graveyard: Search your library for an Ameret planeswalker card or a card named The Lost and Seeking, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEStreetwise Spellseeker	U	rare	Creature — Human Wizard 	71	U	1U	At the beginning of each end step, if you’ve cast a noncreature spell this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Streetwise Spellseeker. Then if its power is 5 or greater, create a 4/4 white Angel Soldier creature token with flying.	1/3		normal	ROS		fullart

MORGAN
Streetwise Arcanist
Renegade Spellseeker
Mage of the Four WindsREPLACEMEVariety of Goods	G	rare	Instant	195	G	5G	Return an artifact card from your graveyard to your hand. If you can’t, you gain 2 life. Repeat this process for battle, creature, enchantment, land, and planeswalker.
Put Variety of Goods on the bottom of its owner’s library.			normal	ROS		FullartREPLACEMEShideh, Avazs Conqueror	WRG	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	253	WRG	RGW	Menace
Whenever an opponent casts a spell during your turn or an opponent casts a spell that targets a creature you control, amass Soldiers 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)	4/3		normal	ROS		!exportname Shideh, Avazs Conqueror
red green white
Satrap
fullartREPLACEMEIn Blood, Vengeance	R	mythic	Sorcery	137	R	5R	Choose target creature you control. Exile each creature you control, then create that many tokens that are copies of the chosen creature, except they aren’t legendary and gain haste. At the beginning of the next end
step, sacrifice those tokens, then return the exiled cards to the battlefield tapped.			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEIneptitude	URG	rare	Legendary Creature — Horror Incarnation 	244	URG	2GUR	Flying
When Ineptitude enters, untap and gain control of target creature until end of turn. Put three stun counters on that creature and it gets +3/+3 and gains haste until end of turn.	3/3		normal	ROS		Black Red Green
fullartREPLACEMEParastu, Soli's Overseer	WUG	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	248	WUG	GWU	At the beginning of combat on your turn, amass Soldiers 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)
Armies you control have flying and lifelink.	1/3		normal	ROS		Green White Blue
Satrap
fullartREPLACEMEThe Brink of War	WBG	rare	Sorcery	231	WBG	2WBG	Destroy all creatures. Amass Soldiers X, where X is the number of creatures destroyed this way. (Put X +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create a 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)			normal	ROS		Story Spotlight 9/14
White Black Green
fullartREPLACEMEHarsh Spahbed	W	rare	Creature — Demon Knight 	17	W	1W	Whenever an opponent activates an ability that isn’t a mana ability, amass Soldiers 1 unless its controller pays 2. (To amass Soldiers 1, put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create a 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)	3/1		normal	ROS		White Rare
fullart
KahrobaREPLACEMEZhubin, Spear of Kaneh	WBR	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	258	WBR	5RWB	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each Satrapy you control.
Vigilance, menace
When Zhubin, Spear of Kaneh enters, create three 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens. Then you gain 1 life for each other creature you control.	3/3		normal	ROS		White Black Red
Satrap
fullartREPLACEMEBloodthirsty Manticore	BR	rare	Creature — Manticore 	203	BR	2BR	Flying
1, Sacrifice a creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Bloodthirsty Manticore. It gains indestructible until end of turn. Tap it.
Surpass 4BR (4BR: Transform this creature. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	4/4		transform double faced	ROS		Bloodclaw Demon	BR	Creature — Manticore Demon 	BR		Flying, menace
Sacrifice a creature: Put two +1/+1 counters on Bloodclaw Demon. It gains indestructible until end of turn.	5/5			fullart
red black
Andazir

MORGAN
Sinister Manticore
Bloodthirsty Manticore
//
Bloodclaw Demon
Manticore of SufferingREPLACEMEFrom the Skies, Peace	WUR	rare	Instant	243	WUR	3URW	Exile any number of target creatures you control. For each creature exiled this way, create a token that’s a copy of it, except it’s
a 4/4 white Angel Soldier with flying in addition to its other types.			normal	ROS		Story Spotlight 12/14
Blue red white
fullartREPLACEMESadegh, Tyrant of Nizev	UBR	rare	Legendary Creature — Dragon Shaman 	251	UBR	4UBR	Flying
Whenever an opponent’s life total is less than or equal to the total number of cards you own in exile and in your graveyard that have flashback, that player loses the game.	4/4		normal	ROS		Blue black red
Satrap
fullart
NizevREPLACEMEWretched Skulker	W	rare	Creature — Horror 	37	W	W	Whenever a nontoken creature you control enters, if it wasn’t cast, put a +1/+1 counter on Wretched Skulker.
3W, Sacrifice Wretched Skulker: Exile target nonland permanent with mana value less than Wretched Skulker’s power.	1/1		normal	ROS		White Rare
fullart

MORGAN
Wretched Skulker
Cavern Dweller
Silver-Eye LurkerREPLACEMERhythm of Nizev	U	rare	Enchantment	63	U	2U	As Rhythm of Nizev enters, choose Fahrib or Rahstahde.
• Fahrib — Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, draw a card.
• Rahstahde — Creatures you control have prowess. (Multiple instances of prowess stack.)			normal	ROS		Ground cycle
fullartREPLACEMEBackalley Connections	B	rare	Enchantment	83	B	B	Satrapies you control have “2, T, Pay 1 life: Draw a card.”
Satrapycycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Search your library for a Satrapy card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)			normal	ROS		Story Spotlight 8/14
fullartREPLACEMEDawn Over Avaz	R	rare	Battle — Encounter   	126	R	1RR	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Dawn Over Avaz enters, it deals 3 damage to each creature.			normal	ROS	3	fullartREPLACEMEShahmaran of the Empty Sea	U	mythic	Creature — Snake Wizard 	68	U	3U	Whenever a nontoken Satrapy you control enters, create a token that’s a copy of it, except it’s a 1/1 blue Spirit creature in addition to its types.
Tap seven untapped Satrapies you control: Exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card. You may cast that card without paying its mana cost.	2/4		normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEHayat, Hungering Bakhtak	BG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Hag Shaman 	266	BG	1B/GB/G	Ward—Sacrifice a permanent.
Whenever a player sacrifices a permanent, put a +1/+1 counter on Hayat, Hungering Bakhtak.
Surpass 4BG (4BG: Transform this creature. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	2/2		transform double faced	ROS		The All-Consuming Swarm	BG	Legendary Planeswalker — Hayat 	BG		a		As this permanent transforms into The All-Consuming Swarm, counters on The All-Consuming Swarm become loyalty counters instead.
[+2]: Create three 1/1 black and green Insect creature tokens with flying.
[-3]: For each permanent type, each opponent sacrifices a permanent of that type.
​		!backfacename The AllConsuming SwarmREPLACEMEAcrimony	B	mythic	Legendary Creature — Horror Incarnation 	79	B	2BB	Lifelink
2, Remove two counters from Acrimony: Each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.
At the beginning of your end step, for each permanent, move a counter from that permanent onto Acrimony.	4/4		normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEHollow Simulacrum	W	mythic	Enchantment	18	W	2WW	Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, create a token that’s a copy of it, except it’s an Angel with flying and no other abilities instead of its other types.			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEJals Spawn	R	rare	Creature — Manticore 	139	R	3R	Lionize 2R (2R, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following abilities until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)
Double strike	2/4		normal	ROS		!exportname Jals SpawnREPLACEMEColossus of Alkabah	G	mythic	Creature — Manticore 	160	G	4GG	Trample
If one or more counters would be put on a permanent you control, three times that many counters are put on that permanent instead.	6/6		normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMECrisis in Danaj	U	uncommon	Battle — Encounter   	47	U	U	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Crisis in Danaj enters, return target creature an opponent controls to its owner’s hand.			normal	ROS	2	battle
fullartREPLACEMESettling of Nizev	B	uncommon	Battle — Encounter   	113	B	3B	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Settling of Nizev enters, look at the top four cards of an
opponent’s library, exile two of them, and put the rest on the bottom of their library in a random order. For as long as they remain exiled, you may play those cards, and mana of any type can be spent to cast them.			normal	ROS	4	fullart
battleREPLACEMESettling of Avaz	R	uncommon	Battle — Encounter   	151	R	1R	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Settling of Avaz enters, create two 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens.			normal	ROS	1	battle
fullartREPLACEMECrisis in Soli	W	uncommon	Battle — Encounter   	12	W	2W	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Crisis in Soli enters, amass Soldiers 3. (Put three +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)			normal	ROS	3	fullart
battleREPLACEMEAvaz Rising	W	uncommon	Battle — Encounter   	3	W	4W	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Avaz Rising enters, return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. That creature becomes an Army in addition to its other types.			normal	ROS	4	fullart
battleREPLACEMENizev Rising	U	uncommon	Battle — Encounter   	57	U	2U	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Nizev Rising enters, return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	ROS	4	fullart
battleREPLACEMEDanaj Rising	B	uncommon	Battle — Encounter   	88	B	1B	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Danaj Rising enters, target player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card and you lose 1 life.			normal	ROS	3	fullart
battleREPLACEMECoagulating Strength	UG	uncommon	Sorcery	223	UG	1GU	Amass Soldiers X, where X is the number of counters on permanents you control. (Put X +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)			normal	ROS		Counters
fullartREPLACEMEHerald of Atieh	WU	uncommon	Creature — Nephilim Wizard 	198	WU	WU	Other Angels and Nephilim you control get +1/+1.
As long as you control three or more other Angels and/or Nephilim, Herald of Atieh gets +1/+1 and has flying. 	2/2		normal	ROS		Nephilim/Angel kindred
Atieh
fullartREPLACEMERuthless Bakhtak	UB	uncommon	Creature — Hag Shaman 	201	UB	1UB	Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, return Ruthless Bakhtak from your graveyard to your hand.	3/1		normal	ROS		fullart
Paradox
Neutral

MORGAN
Witch of 
Ruthless BakhtakREPLACEMEDjinn of the Waning Candle	BR	uncommon	Creature — Djinn Wizard 	204	BR	2BR	1, Sacrifice a creature: Create a Treasure token. Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn.	4/4		normal	ROS		fullart
Sacrifice
Andazir NEutralREPLACEMECrisis in Avaz	G	uncommon	Battle — Encounter   	163	G	2G	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it while you and other players attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Crisis in Avaz enters, search your library for a basic land or a Satrapy card, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	ROS	3	fullart
battleREPLACEMEValiant Cataphract	WG	uncommon	Creature — Human Knight 	210	WG	2GW	If one or more counters would be put on a creature you control, that many plus one of each of those kinds of counters are put on that creature instead.	4/4		normal	ROS		Amass
fullart
KahrobaREPLACEMEAngel of Despair	WB	uncommon	Creature — Angel 	211	WB	3WWBB	Flying
When Angel of Despair enters, destroy target permanent.	5/5		normal	ROS		fullart
reanimator
Reprint
Mahara angelREPLACEMESelection at Danaj	UR	uncommon	Enchantment	216	UR	UR	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a number of charge counters on Selection at Danaj equal to that spell’s mana value.
At the beginning of your end step, you may remove four charge counters from Selection at Danaj. If you do, look at the top four cards of your library, put one into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	ROS		Slow prowess
fullartREPLACEMEHerald of Tamaak	BG	uncommon	Creature — Azra Soldier 	218	BG	BG	Other Azra and Demons you control get +1/+1.
As long as you control three or more other Azra and/or Demons, Herald of Tamaak gets +1/+1 and has flying.	2/2		normal	ROS		Azra/Demon kindred
fullartREPLACEMEKaneh Rising	R	uncommon	Battle — Encounter   	140	R	3R	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Kaneh Rising enters, if you cast it, exile target creature you control, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control. Create
a token that’s a copy of it. Those creatures gain haste until end of turn. Sacrifice the token at the beginning of the next end step. 			normal	ROS	3	fullart
battleREPLACEMESettling of Danaj	G	uncommon	Battle — Encounter   	189	G	2G	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Settling of Danaj enters, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.			normal	ROS	4	battle
fullartREPLACEMEFulfill the Contract	B	uncommon	Instant	99	B	2B	Fulfill the Contract deals X damage to target creature or planeswalker and you gain X life, where X is the number of Satrapies you control.
Satrapycycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Search your library for a Satrapy card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEAcolyte of the Far Winds	WUB	uncommon	Creature — Angel Cleric 	226	WUB	2WUB	Flying, lifelink, deathtouch	4/4		normal	ROS		White blue black
Atieh
fullart

MORGAN
Shepherd of Atieh
Acolyte of the Far WindsREPLACEMEFirebolt	R	uncommon	Sorcery	131	R	R	Firebolt deals 2 damage to any target.
Flashback 4R (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	ROS		REPLACEMEAdrift into Endless Stories	WUG	uncommon	Enchantment	227	WUG	GWU	Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player or noncreature permanent, draw a card if it had a counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.			normal	ROS		fullart
green white blueREPLACEMEDiv's Onslaught	WBG	uncommon	Enchantment	238	WBG	1WBG	Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to player or noncreature permanent, you may exile one of them, then return that card to the battlefield under your control.
Whenever a nontoken creature you control enters, if you didn’t cast it, create a 2/1 black Horror creature token.			normal	ROS		white black green
fullart
KanehREPLACEMEDescent of the Div	UBG	uncommon	Sorcery	235	UBG	2BGU	You may cast target card in an opponent’s graveyard without paying its mana cost.
Flashback 4BGU (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	ROS		Story Spotlight 3/14
black green blue
fullartREPLACEMEOn Andazirs Whims	WBR	uncommon	Sorcery	247	WBR	2RWB	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped. Then create a token that’s a copy of it, except it has haste. Sacrifice the token at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	ROS		!exportname On Andazirs Whims
red white blackREPLACEMEAccept into the Fold	G	uncommon	Enchantment	157	G	3G	Whenever a land you control enters, amass Soldiers 1. If that land is a Satrapy, amass Soldiers 2 instead. (To amass Soldiers 2, put two +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create a 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEDjinn of Unfolding Truths	WUR	uncommon	Creature — Djinn Wizard 	239	WUR	3URW	Lionize URW (URW, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following ability until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player or noncreature permanent, return target noncreature card from your graveyard to your hand.	6/6		normal	ROS		fullart
blue red white
Neutral

MORGAN
Djinn of Unfolding Truths
Insightful DjinnREPLACEMEEcho of the Simurgh	UBR	uncommon	Enchantment	241	UBR	UBR	Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, you may sacrifice a creature. If you do, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.			normal	ROS		blue black redREPLACEMEDunesea Dreadstalker	WRG	uncommon	Creature — Horror 	240	WRG	RGW	Whenever Dunesea Dreadstalker or another nontoken creature you control dies, amass Soldiers 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)	3/3		normal	ROS		red green white
fullart

MORGAN
Dunesea DreadstalkerREPLACEMEPrepare for War	U	uncommon	Enchantment	60	U	1U	At the beginning of each end step, if you’ve cast a noncreature spell this turn, amass Soldiers 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)			normal	ROS		FullartREPLACEMEAswaran Conquerer	BRG	uncommon	Creature — Azra Knight 	229	BRG	2BRG	Menace
Whenever Aswaran Conquerer attacks, you may sacrifice a nonland permanent. If you do, creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain trample until end of turn.	5/5		normal	ROS		black red green
fullart
SahraREPLACEMEShah's Caravan	G	uncommon	Creature — Elephant 	190	G	4GG	Whenever Shah’s Caravan attacks, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. If you control three or more Satrapies, creatures you control can’t be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less this turn.
Satrapycycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Search your library for a Satrapy card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	6/6		normal	ROS		fullart
Kaneh

MORGAN
Shah’s Caravan
Bazaar GuardianREPLACEMEGather the Forces	G	uncommon	Enchantment	176	G	2G	At the beginning of your end step, amass Soldiers 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)			normal	ROS		REPLACEMEBlessing from Wings on High	W	uncommon	Enchantment	6	W	1WW	When Blessing from Wings on High enters, you may search your library for an Angel or Nephilim card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. 
Creatures you control get +1/+0.			normal	ROS		fullart
AtiehREPLACEMEThe Pillaging of Kaneh	R	uncommon	Sorcery	145	R	3R	The Pillaging of Kaneh deals X damage to each creature and each planeswalker, where X is the number of Satrapies you control.			normal	ROS		REPLACEMESpawn of Hadak	URG	uncommon	Creature — Dragon 	254	URG	1GUR	Flying, haste
Whenever Spawn of Hadak attacks, draw a card, then discard a card.	3/3		normal	ROS		Green blue red
fullartREPLACEMEAndazirs Disdain	B	uncommon	Instant	80	B	1B	Choose two —
• Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn.
• You gain 2 life.
• Amass Soldiers 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)			normal	ROS		!exportname Andazirs DisdainREPLACEMEConsult the Cosmos	U	uncommon	Instant	46	U	4U	Draw three cards.
Satrapycycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Search your library for a Satrapy card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEAdvocate of Ideals	W	uncommon	Creature — Nephilim Soldier 	1	WUG	2W	Lifelink
1GU: Put a +1/+1 counter on Advocate of Ideals. Until end of turn, it becomes an Angel in addition to its other types and gains flying and vigilance.	2/3		normal	ROS		fullartOffcolor AA Cycle
CyrukanREPLACEMEAngel of Wisdom	U	uncommon	Creature — Angel Shaman 	43	U	3UU	Flying
Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, you may choose one —
• Draw a card, then discard a card.
• Angel of Wisdom phases out. (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist until its controller’s next turn.)	4/4		normal	ROS		fullart
MArtoob

MORGAN
Angel of Wisdom
Insightful ArchangelREPLACEMESmiting Helix	B	uncommon	Sorcery	114	WBR	3B	Smiting Helix deals 3 damage to any target and you gain 3 life.
Flashback RW (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	ROS		fullart
Offcolor Flashback CycleREPLACEMEAmbitious Truthseeker	R	uncommon	Creature — Nephilim Warrior 	119	R	3R	Lionize 3R (3R, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following abilities until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)
Menace
Whenever this creature deals damage to a player or noncreature permanent, create that many Treasure tokens.	2/3		normal	ROS		fullart
RahstahdeREPLACEMESoli Rising	G	uncommon	Battle — Encounter   	192	G	1G	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Soli Rising enters, reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a creature card. Put that card into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	ROS	3	fullart
battleREPLACEMEGarrison Warden	W	uncommon	Creature — Nephilim Archer 	16	W	1W	When Garrison Warden enters, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.
Surpass 5W (5W: Transform this. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	1/2		transform double faced	ROS		Cyrukan Weaponmaster	W	Creature — Angel Archer 	W		Flying
Whenever Cyrukan Weaponmaster attacks, amass Soldiers 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)	3/3			fullart
CyrukanREPLACEMEScholar's Delight	U	uncommon	Instant	64	U	3U	Search your library for an instant card or a card with flash, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Flashback 5U (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMECrisis in Kaneh	B	uncommon	Battle — Encounter   	87	B	1BB	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Crisis in Kaneh enters, destroy up to one target creature or planeswalker.			normal	ROS	3	fullart
battleREPLACEMEAdvocate of Foibles	R	uncommon	Creature — Azra Noble 	118	BRG	2R	Sacrifice a creature: Until end of turn, Advocate of Foibles gets +2/+0 and becomes an Demon in addition to its other types.
1BG: Amass Soldiers 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)	2/2		normal	ROS		fullart
Offcolor AA Cycle
check the cost of the AA
SahraREPLACEMEDunesea Merchant	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Merchant 	14	W	3W	When Dunesea Merchant enters, tap up to X target creatures, where X is the number of Satrapies you control.
Satrapycycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Search your library for a Satrapy card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	3/4		normal	ROS		fullart

MORGAN
Dunesea Merchant
Caravan Manager
King of BazaarsREPLACEMEFury of Cyrukan	W	uncommon	Sorcery	15	WUR	1W	Target creature gains flying and double strike until end of turn.
Flashback 2UR (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	ROS		Offcolor Flashback Cycle
fullartREPLACEMEMartoob's Forerunner	U	uncommon	Creature — Nephilim Scout 	55	U	2U	Flash
You may cast Angel and Nephilim spells as though they had flash.	2/3		normal	ROS		fullart
Martoob

MORGAN
Nephil Wayfinder
Martoob’s ForerunnerREPLACEMEChaosbender	B	uncommon	Creature — Demon Warlock 	86	B	4B	This spell costs 2 less to cast if you’ve cast a blue noncreature spell this turn. The same is true for a red noncreature spell.
Menace	5/5		normal	ROS		Offcolor AA Cycle
Andazir
fullart

MORGAN
Andazir’s Mystic
ChaosbenderREPLACEMERefracting Image	R	uncommon	Sorcery	148	URG	2R	Create a token that’s a copy of target creature, except it has haste and “At the beginning of the end step, sacrifice this permanent.”
Flashback 1GU (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	ROS		Offcolor Flashback CycleREPLACEMEFracturing Swipe	G	uncommon	Sorcery	175	WBG	2GG	Destroy target noncreature, nonland permanent. (Destroying a battle doesn’t remove counters from it.)
Flashback 3WB (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	ROS		fullart
fullartOffcolor Flashback CycleREPLACEMESettling of Kaneh	W	uncommon	Battle — Encounter   	31	W	2W	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Settling of Kaneh enters, create two 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens if you control fewer creatures than an opponent. Then, you gain 4 life if you have less life than an opponent.			normal	ROS	4	fullart
battleREPLACEMENephilim Wisdomancer	U	uncommon	Creature — Nephilim Wizard 	56	WUB	1U	When Nephilim Wisdomancer enters, mill three cards. Then you may pay WB. If you do, return a nonland card from your graveyard to your hand.	1/4		normal	ROS		-fullart
Atieh

MORGAN
Magus of Atieh
Destiny Shaper
Soli WisdomancerREPLACEMEKingpin of Nizev	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Rogue 	102	B	3B	When Kingpin of Nizev enters, create two 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens.
Sacrifice a creature: Each opponent loses 1 life. Surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)	4/2		normal	ROS		Fullart

MORGANREPLACEMERahstahde Swiftspear	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Scout 	146	R	R	Haste
At the beginning of each end step, put a +1/+1 counter on Rahstahde’s Swiftspear if you cast a noncreature spell this turn.
Surpass 5R (5R: Transform this creature. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	1/1		transform double faced	ROS		Rahstahde Swiftspear	R	Creature — Nephilim Warrior 	R		Haste
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Rahstahde’s Firefist. It gains menace until end of turn.	2/2			!exportname Rahstahde Swiftspear
!backfacename RahstahdeFirefist
Rahstahde

MORGAN
Rahstadhe’s Swiftspear
Pathfinder Captain
//
Rahstadhe’s Firefist
Ardent WardenREPLACEMEQuickstep Ranger	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Ranger 	185	G	3G	At the beginning of each end step, put a +1/+1 on Quickstep Ranger for each +1/+1
counter you’ve put on creatures under your control this turn.
Surpass 5G (5G: Transform this creature. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter
on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	2/2		transform double faced	ROS		Lifestep Ranger	G	Creature — Nephilim Ranger 	G		Reach
Each other creature you control gets +1/+1 for each +1/+1 counter on it.	2/2			
martoob
fullart

MORGAN
Quickstep Ranger
//
Shadowstep RangerREPLACEMEStandoff	W	uncommon	Instant	34	W	2W	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn by non-Army creatures.
Amass Soldiers 2. (Put two +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)			normal	ROS		Story Spotlight 7/14
fullartREPLACEMETidebender	U	uncommon	Creature — Merfolk Wizard 	73	U	U	Lionize 1U (1U, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following ability until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)
Sacrifice this creature: Counter target instant or sorcery spell unless its controller pays X, where X is this creature’s power.	1/1		normal	ROS		fullart

MORGAN
Tidebender
Merfolk LuminantREPLACEMEDutybound Ghul	B	uncommon	Creature — Zombie Rogue 	93	B	2B	Menace
Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, if it’s your turn, each opponent discards a card. Otherwise, each opponent loses 2 life.	3/2		normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMECrisis in Nizev	R	uncommon	Battle — Encounter   	124	R	3R	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Crisis in Nizev enters, exile the top three cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards.			normal	ROS	6	battle
fullartREPLACEMEDunesea Ranger	G	uncommon	Creature — Azra Druid Ranger 	171	G	1G	Reach
T: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast an Azra or Demon spell, and that spell can’t be countered.	1/3		normal	ROS		Tamaak

MORGAN
notably not an Archer?
Azra Sharpeye
Tamaak’s Outlander
Dunesea StalkerREPLACEMEZagos Roc	W	uncommon	Creature — Bird 	38	W	4WW	Flying
When Zagos Roc enters, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until Zagos Roc leaves the battlefield.	4/4		normal	ROS		fullart

MORGAN
Majestic Roc
Eagle of the Skythrone
Zagos RaptorREPLACEMEWade Through Treasures	U	uncommon	Instant	76	UBG	2U	Look at the top four cards of your library. Put one into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.
Flashback 2BG (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	ROS		fullartOffcolor Flashback CycleREPLACEMEOracle of the Unseen	B	uncommon	Creature — Azra Wizard 	105	B	B	Menace
At the beginning of your end step, if a player lost 3 or more life this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on target Azra or Demon you control.	1/2		normal	ROS		fullart
Fahrib

MORGAN
Oracle of the Unseen
Fahrib’s Watcher
Cunning HaruspexREPLACEMEPaygan Firebinder	R	uncommon	Creature — Azra Shaman 	143	R	1R	Paygan Firebinder gets +1/+0 for each Satrapy you control.
Satrapycycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Search your library for a Satrapy card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	0/3		normal	ROS		Fullart

MORGAN
Paygan FirebinderREPLACEMEHeartweaver	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Druid 	177	WRG	1G	Whenever you attack, you may pay RW. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of target attacking creature that’s tapped and attacking. Sacrifice the token at the beginning of the next end step.	2/2		normal	ROS		fullart
Offcolor AA Cycle
Sahra

MORGANREPLACEMEConfine to the Oasis	W	uncommon	Enchantment	10	W	1W	When Confine to the Oasis enters, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until Confine to the Oasis leaves the battlefield.
Whenever an opponent casts a spell, put a searching counter on Confine to the Oasis for each of that card’s colors. Then if there are ten or more searching counters on Confine to the Oasis, sacrifice it and you gain 3 life.			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMESettling of Soli	U	uncommon	Battle — Encounter   	67	U	1U	(As an Encounter enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When defense counters are removed, create a 0/0 Army token if you don’t control one, then put that many +1/+1 counters on a Army you control.)
When Settling of Soli enters, reveal the top four cards of your library. You may put a noncreature card from among them into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.			normal	ROS	3	battle
fullartREPLACEMETraverse the Endless Well	B	uncommon	Enchantment	115	B	B	1B, Sacrifice a creature: You gain 1 life and draw a card.
4B, Pay 3 life, Sacrifice Traverse the Endless Well: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEDjinn of the Twisted Wish	R	uncommon	Creature — Djinn Warrior 	127	R	5RR	Flying
When Djinn of the Twisted Wish enters, it deals 5 damage to up to one target creature or battle.	5/4		normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEQuake Devourer	G	uncommon	Creature — Horror 	184	G	6G	Lionize 1G (1G, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following abilities until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)
Trample
Whenever this creature deals damage to a player or noncreature permanent, draw a card.	7/6		normal	ROS		fullart

MORGANREPLACEMEAssault on Soli	W	common	Instant	2	W	2W	Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn. Untap each Army you control.			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMETruthseeker Prodigy	U	common	Creature — Human Scout 	75	U	3U	When Truthseeker Prodigy enters, amass Soldiers 2. Then target player mills X cards, where X is the amassed Army’s power. (To amass Soldiers 2, put two +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control an Army, create a 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)	1/3		normal	ROS		fullart

MORGAN
Truthseeker ProdigyREPLACEMEEsoteric Visionary	B	common	Creature — Azra Cleric 	95	B	2B	Lionize 2B (2B, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following ability until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)
Lifelink	3/1		normal	ROS		fullart
Fahrib

MORGAN
Shadowsight Cleric
Esoteric VisionaryREPLACEMEShipment Overseer	R	common	Creature — Azra Advisor 	152	R	1R	Whenever you sacrifice a permanent, put a +1/+1 counter on Shipment Overseer.
Surpass 5R (5R: Transform this creature. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	1/1		transform double faced	ROS		Overseer of Armies	R	Creature — Demon Advisor 	R		Whenever you sacrifice a permanent, Overseer of Armies deals 1 damage to each opponent and each battle they protect.	2/2			Andazir
fullartREPLACEMESettling Alkabah	G	common	Sorcery	188	G	G	Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Amass Soldiers 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)			normal	ROS		Story Spotlight 1/14
fullartREPLACEMECast Judgment	W	common	Instant	8	W	2W	Choose one —
• Cast Judgment deals 3 damage to target attacking creature.
• Exile target artifact or enchantment.			normal	ROS		fullart

MORGAN
Repel the Wicked
Nephil’s Wisdom
Cast JudgmentREPLACEMERegretful Chronicler	U	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	61	U	1U	Whenever Regretful Chronicler is dealt damage, put a +1/+1 counter on it. (It must survive the damage to get the counter.)
Surpass 5U (5U: Transform this. This
costs 1 less to activate for each counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	0/4		transform double faced	ROS		Optimistic Chronicler	U	Creature — Nephilim Cleric 	U		Whenever Optimistic Chronicler deals damage to a player or noncreature permanent, surveil 1, then draw a card.	3/4			fullart
AtiehREPLACEMERuthless Advisor	B	common	Creature — Azra Advisor 	111	B	3B	Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, put a +1/+1 counter on Ruthless Advisor.
Surpass 5B (5B: Transform this creature. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	3/3		transform double faced	ROS		Ruthless Taromad	B	Creature — Demon Advisor 	B		Menace
Ward—Pay 3 life.
Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	3/3			Andazir
fullartREPLACEMEEyes of Cyrukan	R	common	Creature — Angel Soldier Scout 	129	R	1R	Flying
Eyes of Cyrukan can’t block.	2/1		normal	ROS		fullart
Cyrukan

MORGAN
Angelfire Scout
Eyes of CyrukanREPLACEMEAvaz Sentry	G	common	Creature — Human Archer 	158	G	G	Reach
3G: Put a +1/+1 counter on Avaz Sentry.
Surpass 5G (5G: Transform this creature. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	1/1		transform double faced	ROS		Sentinel of Consumption	G	Creature — Azra Archer 	G		Reach, ward 3	3/3			SahraREPLACEMEBlessing of Respite	W	common	Sorcery	7	W	W	Exile target creature you control, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.
Flashback 2W (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	ROS		fullart

MORGAN
Blessing of RespiteREPLACEMEAdrift Surveyor	U	common	Creature — Human Scout 	42	U	2U	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Adrift Surveyor.
Surpass 5U (5U: Transform this creature. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	2/2		transform double faced	ROS		Annointed Truthseeker	U	Creature — Nephilim Soldier 	U		Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Annointed Truthseeker. Up to one target creature can’t block Annointed Truthseeker this turn.	3/3			fullart
RahstahdeREPLACEMEEverWandering Vagabond	B	common	Creature — Azra Rogue 	96	B	2B	1, Sacrifice a creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Ever-Wandering Pilgrim.
Surpass 5B (5B: Transform this creature. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	2/2		transform double faced	ROS		EverWandering Vagabond	B	Creature — Demon Rogue 	B		1, Sacrifice a creature: Ever-Hungry Tanbaly gains indestructible until end of turn. Tap it.	3/3			!exportname EverWandering Vagabond
!backfacename EverHungry Tanbaly
tamaakREPLACEMEEvening Serenade	R	common	Sorcery	128	R	R	Exile the top card of your library. Until end of turn, you may play that card.
Flashback 1R (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	ROS		REPLACEMECultivator of Crops	G	common	Creature — Human Shaman 	165	G	2G	When Cultivator of Crops enters, you may search your library for a basic land or Satrapy card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	2/2		normal	ROS		fullart
“The other satraps take and take from our limited store rooms. How many of our children must go hungry to support these far away lands?”REPLACEMESentinel of Avaz	W	common	Creature — Angel Soldier 	30	W	3W	Lionize 1W (1W, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following ability until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)
Flying	3/3		normal	ROS		fullart
CyrukanREPLACEMESkyborne Strategist	U	common	Creature — Angel Scout 	70	U	1U	Flying
When Skyborne Strategist enters, amass Soldiers 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)	1/1		normal	ROS		fullart
Martoob

MORGAN
Battlecraft Angel
Skyborne StrategistREPLACEMEDemon of Endless Hunger	B	common	Creature — Demon Cleric 	90	B	1B	Flying
When Demon of Endless Hunger enters, choose one —
• Mill two cards.
• Exile up to two target cards from graveyards.	2/1		normal	ROS		Tamaak
fullartREPLACEMEVicious Shamshir	R	common	Artifact — Equipment 	156	R	1R	When Vicious Shamshir enters, you may attach it to target creature you control. If you do, target creature can’t block this turn.
Equipped creature gets +2/+0.
Equip 3			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEErode	G	common	Instant	172	G	2G	Choose one or both —
• Destroy target artifact or enchantment.
• Put three defense counters on target battle.			normal	ROS		REPLACEMEInspirational Beacon	W	common	Creature — Angel Cleric 	21	W	2W	Flying
When Inspirational Beacon enters, you gain 3 life.	2/2		normal	ROS		fullart
Reprint
AtiehREPLACEMEImplacable Djinn	U	common	Creature — Djinn Warrior 	51	U	4UU	Lionize 1U (1U, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following ability until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.) 
Hexproof	5/6		normal	ROS		fullart

MORGAN
Stormbringer Djinn
Djinn of Squalls
Implacable DjinnREPLACEMESelfserving Ghul	B	common	Creature — Zombie Warrior 	112	B	1B	Menace
When Selfserving Ghul enters, remove two counters from target permanent. 	2/1		normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEFigments of Warriors Lost	R	common	Sorcery	130	R	3R	Create a token that’s a copy of target creature, except it’s a Sand in addition to its other types, has haste and “At the beginning of the end step, sacrifice this permanent.” Each creature with the same name as that creature gains trample until end of turn.			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEExpose Wickedness	G	common	Instant	173	G	3G	This spell costs 2 less to cast if you control an Azra or Demon.
Target creature you control gets +4/+4 and gains trample until end of turn.			normal	ROS		Story Spotlight 14/14
fullartREPLACEMEVanguard of Glory	W	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	36	W	2W	As long as it’s your turn, Vanguard of Glory has first strike.	3/3		normal	ROS		fullart

MORGAN
Stalwart Spearman
Vanguard of GloryREPLACEMETiller of the Paltry Lie	U	common	Creature — Demon Soldier 	74	U	4U	Whenever you cast your first noncreature spell each turn, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.	3/5		normal	ROS		fullart
FahribREPLACEMEKaneh Siege	B	common	Sorcery	101	B	B	Target player discards a card.
Amass Soldiers 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMERefitting for Battle	R	common	Sorcery	147	R	2R	Destroy up to one target artifact.
Amass Soldiers 2. (Put two +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEMartoob Hawker	G	common	Creature — Nephilim Scout 	182	G	2G	Lionize 1G (1G, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following ability until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)
This creature assigns combat damage equal to its toughness rather than its power.	0/3		normal	ROS		
Martoob
fullartREPLACEMEZealot of Mahara	W	common	Creature — Nephilim Cleric 	39	W	1W	Whenever another creature you control leaves the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on Zealot of Mahara.
Surpass 5W (5W: Transform this creature. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	1/1		transform double faced	ROS		Judge of Mahara	W	Creature — Angel Cleric 	W		Flying
Whenever Judge of Mahara or another creature you control leaves the battlefield, you gain 2 life.	1/1			Mahara
fullart

MORGAN
Zealot of Mahara
//
Zealot of the Skies
Judge of MaharaREPLACEMEReject Wickedness	U	common	Instant	62	U	1UU	Counter target spell.
Satrapycycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Search your library for a Satrapy card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)			normal	ROS		fullart

MORGAN
Intercede
Reject WickednessREPLACEMEFiendish Bruiser	B	common	Creature — Demon Rogue 	98	B	5B	Menace
When Fiendish Bruiser enters, exile up to three cards from target player’s graveyard.	6/4		normal	ROS		fahrib
fullart

MORGAN
Fiendish Bruiser
Baleful RenegadeREPLACEMETruthbearing Peri	R	common	Creature — Angel Soldier 	155	R	3R	Flying
Whenever you cast your first noncreature spell each turn, create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	3/2		normal	ROS		REPLACEMECommanders Guidance	G	common	Enchantment — Aura 	161	G	1G	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2.
When enchanted creature dies, amass Soldiers 2. (Put two +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)			normal	ROS		!exportname Commanders Guidance
SahraREPLACEMEBanishment of Aspirations	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	4	W	2W	Enchant non-Army creature
Enchanted creature can’t attack or block.
When Banishment of Aspirations enters, amass Soldiers 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEScope the Cosmos	U	common	Instant	65	U	3U	Draw two cards.
Flashback—2U, Discard a card. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEPrepare for Assault	B	common	Sorcery	107	B	3B	You draw two cards and you lose 2 life.
Amass Soldiers 2. (Put two +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)			normal	ROS		fullart

MORGAN
Prepare for Assault
Shah’s PreparationsREPLACEMEHesitant Vanguard	R	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	134	R	2R	Whenever you cast a spell that’s white, blue, black, or green, put a +1/+1 counter on Hesitant Vanguard.
Surpass 5R (5R: Transform this creature. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	2/2		transform double faced	ROS		Luminous Vanguard	R	Creature — Nephilim Soldier 	R		Whenever you cast a spell that’s white, blue, black, or green, create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token.	3/3			Cyrukan

FullartREPLACEMEFell LanternBearer	G	common	Creature — Demon Warrior 	174	G	4G	When Fell Lantern-Bearer enters, choose one —
• Remove a defense counter from each battle you control.
• Put a +1/+1 counter on each other creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it.	5/5		normal	ROS		!exportname Fell LanternBearer
Tamaak

MORGAN
Fell Lantern-BearerREPLACEMEKeen Blademaster	W	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	23	W	1W	Whenever Keen Blademaster attacks, you may tap target creature.	1/3		normal	ROS		fullart

MORGAN
Keen Blademaster
Ardent DuelistREPLACEMEWave Shield	U	common	Instant	77	U	1U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 2. If there are three or more counters on permanents you control, counter that spell instead.			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEEnigmatic Herald	B	common	Creature — Angel Soldier 	94	B	4B	Flying
When Enigmatic Herald dies, amass Soldiers 2. (Put two +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)	3/3		normal	ROS		Mahara
fullart

MORGAN
Angel of the Void
Enigmatic HeraldREPLACEMEFrantic Efreetspeaker	R	common	Creature — Nephilim Cleric 	132	R	R	When Frantic Efreetspeaker enters, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.
2, Exile Frantic Efreetspeaker from your graveyard: Create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	1/1		normal	ROS		fullart
RahstahdeREPLACEMEShah's Proclamation	G	common	Instant	191	G	1G	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn.
Satrapycycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Search your library for a Satrapy card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)			normal	ROS		REPLACEMELowly Cataphract	W	common	Creature — Human Knight 	25	W	2W	Vigilance
Whenever Lowly Cataphract and at least two other creatures attack, put a +1/+1 counter on Lowly Cataphract.
Surpass 5W (5W: Transform this. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter on
it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	2/2		transform double faced	ROS		Keeper of the Bloodline	W	Creature — Azra Knight 	W		Vigilance
Whenever Keeper of the Bloodline and at least two other creatures attack, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	3/3			fullart
KahrobaREPLACEMEWisdom of the Dunesea	U	common	Sorcery	78	U	1U	Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.
Flashback 2U (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	ROS		fullart

MORGAN
Cunning Strategy
Artful Technique
Wisdom of the DuneseaREPLACEMEAstral Assassination	B	common	Sorcery	82	B	1B	Target player sacrifices a creature or planeswalker.
Flashback 4BB (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	ROS		fullart
RemovalREPLACEMERegroup and Stockpile	R	common	Sorcery	149	R	1R	Amass Soldiers 2. (Put two +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)
Flashback 3R (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEDay at the Market	G	common	Sorcery	168	G	1G	Choose one — 
• Look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal a creature or land card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
• Destroy target creature with flying.			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEPrepare for Rest	W	common	Sorcery	27	W	W	You gain 3 life.
Amass Soldiers 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMETempt with Gifts	U	common	Instant	72	U	1U	Tap target creature. Put a stun counter on it.
Flashback 1U			normal	ROS		FullartREPLACEMERefine to Nothing	B	common	Sorcery	109	B	2B	Target player discards two cards.
Flashback 4B (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	ROS		Story Spotlight 6/14
fullartREPLACEMEAndazir Veteran	R	common	Creature — Demon Soldier 	120	R	4R	When Andazir Veteran enters, amass Soldiers 2. (Put two +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)	4/2		normal	ROS		Andazir

MORGAN
Brimstone Commander
Andazir VeteranREPLACEMENimble Pathfinder	G	common	Creature — Human Scout 	183	G	2G	Whenever a land you control enters, put a +1/+1 counter on Nimble Pathfinder.
Surpass 5G (5G: Transform this creature. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	2/2		transform double faced	ROS		Dauntless Pathmaker	G	Creature — Demon Scout 	G		Trample
Dauntless Pathmaker can’t be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.	3/3			Tamaak

MORGAN
Nimble Pathfinder
//
Dauntless PathmakerREPLACEMEMahara Enforcer	W	common	Creature — Nephilim Soldier 	26	W	1W	Lifelink
3W: Mahara Enforcer gets +3/+3 until end of turn. Activate only once each turn and only if you control another Angel or Nephilim.	2/2		normal	ROS		Mahara
fullartREPLACEMESinking Pessimism	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	69	U	1U	Enchant non-Army creature
When Sinking Pessimism enters, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.
Enchanted creature has “4: Untap this creature. If it untapped this way, put a stun counter on it.”			normal	ROS		FullartREPLACEMECastaway's Remorse	B	common	Sorcery	85	B	1B	Destroy target creature with power 3 or less. Mill three cards.			normal	ROS		fullartRemoval

MORGAN
Winds of Sahra
Castaway’s Remorse
Smothering StormREPLACEMEIncendiary Flow	R	common	Sorcery	138	R	1R	Incendiary Flow deals 3 damage to any target. If a creature dealt damage this way would die this turn, exile it instead.			normal	ROS		REPLACEMEUnstoppable Zealot	G	common	Creature — Demon Warrior 	194	G	3G	Trample
Whenever Unstoppable Zealot deals damage to a player or noncreature permanent, you may put a land card from your hand or graveyard onto the battlefield.	4/3		normal	ROS		
Sahra

MORGAN
Satrapy Smasher
Unstoppable ZealotREPLACEMEShow of Unwavering Honor	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	32	W	1W	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2.
Whenever enchanted creature attacks, if you control an Angel or Nephilim, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature you control with lesser power.			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEAcquiesce Position	U	common	Instant	41	U	2U	Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.
Amass Soldiers 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEFatal Strike	B	common	Instant	97	B	2BB	This spell costs 1B less to cast if you’ve cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand this turn.
Destroy target creature or planeswalker.			normal	ROS		fullartRemovalREPLACEMEIgnite the Inner Flame	R	common	Instant	136	R	1R	Target creature gets +2/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn. If it’s attacking a battle, it gains double strike until end of turn.			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEKahroba Patrol	G	common	Creature — Azra Knight Scout 	181	G	1G	When Kahroba Patrol dies, you may search your library for a basic land or Satrapy card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	2/1		normal	ROS		KahrobaREPLACEMEIn Defense of Soli	W	common	Sorcery	20	W	2W	Destroy target creature with power 4 or greater.
Satrapycycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Search your library for a Satrapy card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)			normal	ROS		Story Spotlight 2/14
fullartREPLACEMEManeli Ambassador	U	common	Creature — Merfolk Wizard 	53	U	U	Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, surveil 1.	0/3		normal	ROS		FullartREPLACEMEManipulations of the Div	B	common	Enchantment	103	B	2B	Whenever a creature you control dies, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
5B, Sacrifice Manipulations of the Div: It deals 4 damage to target player or battle and you gain 4 life. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMETomb-Raider Duo	R	common	Creature — Human Wizard Rogue 	154	R	2R	When Tomb-Raider Duo enters, create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)
Satrapycycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Search your library for a Satrapy card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	3/2		normal	ROS		When the first mortal will in a century breached Golna’s catacombs, the first fear did too… but that’s nothing a second mortal can’t help with.REPLACEMEDiv of Lethargic Ideals	G	common	Creature — Horror 	169	G	4G	Lionize G (G, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following abilities until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)
Vigilance, reach	4/4		normal	ROS		fullartfullartREPLACEMEKaneh Scribe	W	common	Creature — Human Advisor 	22	W	3W	When Kaneh Scribe enters, amass Soldiers 2. (Put two +1/+1 counters on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)	2/2		normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEDewdrop Ordainer	U	common	Creature — Angel Soldier 	49	U	2U	Flying
When Dewdrop Ordainer dies, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control with a counter on it.	2/2		normal	ROS		fullart

MORGAN
Angelic DuelistREPLACEMEDrag Through the Alley	B	common	Sorcery	92	B	B	Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
Satrapycycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Search your library for a Satrapy card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)			normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEPiercing Arrow	R	common	Instant	144	R	3R	This spell can’t be countered.
Piercing Arrow deals 4 damage to any target.			normal	ROS		REPLACEMEIronclad Sentry	G	common	Creature — Demon Warrior 	180	G	6G	Reach
When Ironclad Sentry enters, you may return target permanent card not named Ironclad Sentry from your graveyard to your hand.	6/6		normal	ROS		fullart
KahrobaREPLACEMEBirthright Proselyte	W	common	Creature — Demon Soldier 	5	W	4W	Lifelink
When Birthright Proselyte enters, return target permanent card with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.	3/3		normal	ROS		fullart
KahrobaREPLACEMEBrightwing Sphinx	U	common	Creature — Angel Sphinx 	45	U	3U	Flying
Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, Brightwing Sphinx gains vigilance until end of turn.	3/3		normal	ROS		fullart
RahstahdeREPLACEMEAndazirs Pact	B	common	Sorcery	81	B	4B	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. If it’s an Azra or Demon, you gain 3 life.			normal	ROS		!exportname Andazirs Pact
Andazir

fullart

MORGAN
Bloody Revival
Andazir’s PactREPLACEMEConjure Quicksand	R	common	Sorcery	123	R	R	Conjure Quicksand deals 1 damage to each creature and planeswalker you don’t control and each battle you don’t protect.			normal	ROS		REPLACEMECherish the Past	G	common	Instant	159	G	G	Exile target card from a graveyard. If it was a creature card, you gain 3 life. Otherwise, surveil 2.
Flashback 2G			normal	ROS		Story Spotlight 5/14
fullartREPLACEMEUnyielding Aswaran	W	common	Creature — Human Knight Scout 	35	W	1W	Unyielding Aswaran can’t be blocked by Armies.	3/1		normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEBenevolent Host	U	common	Creature — Nephilim Wizard 	44	U	1U	Whenever Benevolent Host attacks, if you control another Angel or Nephilim, Benevolent Host gains flying until end of turn. Surveil 1.	2/1		normal	ROS		fullart
MartoobREPLACEMEPoison-Sky Acolyte	B	common	Creature — Human Shaman 	106	B	1B	Lionize 1B (1B, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following ability until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)
Deathtouch	1/2		normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEBloodcloaked Wrecker	R	common	Creature — Demon Soldier 	122	R	5R	Lionize 2R (2R, Exile this card from your hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and it gains the following abilities until end of turn. You may cast this card on a later turn from exile.)
Trample
This creature gets +3/+0 as long as it’s attacking.	3/6		normal	ROS		fullart Sahra demonREPLACEMECrush Opposition	G	common	Sorcery	164	G	1G	Amass Soldiers 1. When you do, target creature you control fights up to one target creature you don’t control. (To amass Soldiers 1, put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create a 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)			normal	ROS		sahra

MORGAN
Crush Opposition
Begin the Onslaught
Unwavering AssaultREPLACEMEAugur of Pathways	WU	common	Creature — Angel Wizard 	259	WU	W/U	Flying, vigilance
When Augur of Pathways enters, surveil 1.	1/1		normal	ROS		fullart Nephilim/Angel Kindred
AtiehREPLACEMECunning Plan	UB	common	Sorcery	260	UB	U/B	Target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn and can’t be blocked this turn.
Flashback 1U/B (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	ROS		Paradox
FullartREPLACEMEOffering to the Div	BR	common	Instant	261	BR	1B/R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a permanent.
Draw two cards.			normal	ROS		fullart
Sacrifice

MORGAN
Agonizing Tribute
Offering to the DivREPLACEMEBazaar Braggart	RG	common	Creature — Human Merchant 	262	RG	1R/G	When Bazaar Braggart enters, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	2/1		normal	ROS		fullart
5c ramp with treasures

MORGAN
Bazaar Braggart
Eager MerchantREPLACEMEMarshal of Brethren	WG	common	Creature — Azra Soldier 	263	WG	1G/W	When Marshal of Brethren enters, amass Soldiers 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)	1/2		normal	ROS		Amass
fullart
KahrobaREPLACEMEToil Beyond Death	WB	common	Sorcery	264	WB	2W/BW/B	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	ROS		fullart
ReanimationREPLACEMERahstahde Pledge	UR	common	Creature — Human Cleric Soldier 	265	UR	3U/RU/R	When Rahstahde Pledge enters, you may return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.	3/3		normal	ROS		fullartSlow prowess
RahstahdeREPLACEMEOpenmaw Demon	BG	common	Creature — Demon Warrior 	267	BG	3B/GB/G	Trample
Whenever Openmaw Demon or another Azra or Demon you control enters, you may exile target card from a graveyard.	5/5		normal	ROS		fullart
Azra/demon kindred
TamaakREPLACEMEBattlefield Tiger	WR	common	Creature — Cat 	268	WR	1R/WR/W	When Battlefield Tiger enters, create two 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens.	1/1		normal	ROS		Flicker
good enter
fullart

MORGAN
Battlefield Tiger
Veteran’s TigerREPLACEMEVenerable Skyblade	UG	common	Creature — Angel Soldier 	270	UG	3G/U	Flying
Venerable Skyblade can’t attack unless defending player controls a creature with flying.
When Venerable Skyblade enters, you may put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.	3/3		normal	ROS		fullart
Counters
Martoob

MORGAN
Honorable Tactician
Venerable SkybladeREPLACEMEAttendant of Graves		common	Artifact Creature — Construct 	271	C	6	Vigilance
T: Add one mana of any color.
Satrapycycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Search your library for a Satrapy card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	5/5		normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEWayfinder's Bauble		common	Artifact — Equipment 	274	C	2	Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Whenever equipped creature deals damage to a player or noncreature permanent, create a Treasure token.
Equip 1			normal	ROS		fullart
NeutralREPLACEMEBanner of Warfare		common	Artifact	272	C	1	When Banner of Warfare enters, amass Soldiers 1. (Put a +1/+1 counter on an Army you control. It’s also a Soldier. If you don’t control one, create an 0/0 black Soldier Army creature token first.)
1, T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	ROS		fullart
NeutralREPLACEMEZagos Abomination	WR	uncommon	Creature — Cat Horror 	222	WR	2RW	Lifelink
Whenever Zagos Abomination attacks, exile another target creature you control, then return it to the battlefield under your control tapped and attacking. It gains menace until end of turn.	3/4		normal	ROS		fullart
flicker
Neutral

MORGAN
Dunesea Horror
Zagos Abomination
Aberrant ProwlerREPLACEMEGuardians of Kallians Tomb	RG	uncommon	Artifact	205	WUBRG	1RG	T: Create a Treasure token.
WUBRG: Until end of turn, Guardians of Kallian’s Tomb becomes a 5/5 Ox artifact creature with trample and “Whenever this creature attacks, defending player sacrifices a permanent unless they have you draw two cards.”			normal	ROS		!exportname Guardians of Kallians Tomb
5c ramp/treasureREPLACEMESoldier	W	common	Token Creature — Soldier 	2	W			1/1		token	ROS		fullartREPLACEMETreasure		common	Token Artifact — Treasure 	8	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.			token	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEHorror	B	common	Token Creature — Horror 	3	B			2/1		token	ROS		fullartREPLACEMESoldier Army	B	common	Token Creature — Soldier Army 	6	B			0/0		token	ROS		fullartREPLACEMECosmic Banishment	WUBRG	rare	Sorcery	232	WUBRG	2WUBRG	Return each card with a cycling ability from your graveyard to your hand. You may cast any number of nonland cards with total mana value X or less from your hand without paying their mana costs, where X is the number of Satrapies you control.			normal	ROS		Story Spotlight 13/14
fullart
white blue black red greenREPLACEMEHooded Mystic	W	uncommon	Creature — Nephilim Cleric 	19	W	W	Other Angels and Nephilim you control get +1/+0.
3W: Until end of turn, Hooded Mystic becomes an Angel, gets +3/+3 and gains flying.	1/1		normal	ROS		Cyrukan Atieh Mahara
fullart

MORGAN
Hooded Mystic
Devout NephilREPLACEMEPetty Thief	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Rogue 	59	U	1U	Flash
Whenever you cast a spell during an opponent’s turn, put a +1/+1 counter
on Petty Thief.
Surpass 5U (5U: Transform this. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter on
it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	2/1		transform double faced	ROS		Master Assassin	U	Creature — Azra Assassin 	U		Master Assassin can’t be blocked by creatures with odd mana costs.
Whenever you cast a spell during an opponent’s turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Master Assassin. You may have it phase out.	3/2			Fahrib
fullartREPLACEMEBlackfeather Cleric	B	uncommon	Creature — Nephilim Cleric 	84	B	1B	Whenever Blackfeather Cleric enters or attacks, exile target card from a graveyard. Put a +1/+1 counter on Blackfeather Cleric if it was a permanent card. Otherwise, you gain 1 life.
Surpass 5B (5B: Transform this creature. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	1/1		transform double faced	ROS		Elite of Mahara	B	Creature — Angel Cleric 	B		Flying
Whenever Elite of Mahara attacks, exile up to two target cards from graveyards. For each permanent card exiled this way, put a +1/+1 counter on Elite of Mahara. For each nonpermanent card exiled this way, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	2/2			fullart
Mahara

MORGAN
Blackfeather Cleric
//
Elite of MaharaREPLACEMEManifold Manipulator	R	uncommon	Creature — Azra Warrior 	142	R	1R	First strike
Manifold Manipulator has lifelink as long as you control a white permanent. The same is true for flying and blue, menace and black, and trample and green.	2/1		normal	ROS		fullart
SahraREPLACEMEConvicted Strike	G	uncommon	Instant	162	G	1G	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature. Excess damage is dealt to that creature’s controller or to a battle that player protects instead.			normal	ROS		fullart
NeutralREPLACEMEAndazir, First to Aspire	BR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Mutant Warlock 	202	BR	4BR		6/6	(Transcend as a sorcery to gain that type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Whenever Andazir enters or transcends, each opponent sacrifices a nonland permanent.
1BR: Demon
Create four 1/1 black Snake creature tokens with deathtouch.
2BR: Elder
You draw three cards and you lose 3 life.	class	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEAngel Soldier	W	common	Token Creature — Angel Soldier 	1	W		Flying	4/4		token	ROS		fullartREPLACEMEPariahs Bargain	WUBRG	mythic	Sorcery	249	WUBRG	WUBRG	Sacrifice any number of permanents. If five colors were among the sacrificed permanents, each player exiles the top five cards of their library. For each player, you may cast up to two cards they exiled this way without paying their mana costs.			normal	ROS		!exportname Pariahs Bargain
Story Spotlight 11/14


white blue black red greenREPLACEMEDanaj Sightseer	G	rare	Creature — Angel Scout 	166	WUBRG	1G	1: Danaj Sightseer gains lifelink until end of turn if W was spent to activate this ability. The same is true for flying and U, menace and B, first strike and R, and trample and G.
At the beginning of your end step, if you’ve spent WUBRG to cast spells and/or activate abilities this turn, put three +1/+1 counters on Danaj Sightseer.	2/2		normal	ROS		fullart
MartoobREPLACEMEObstinate Wishgranter	WUBR	rare	Creature — Djinn Wizard 	246	WUBR	WUBR	Flying
Whenever a player casts a noncreature spell, you may exchange control of it and target creature. Then the spell’s controller may choose new targets for it.	4/4		normal	ROS		white blue black red
four color creature cycleREPLACEMESahras Harbinger	UBRG	rare	Creature — Demon Warlock 	252	UBRG	UBRG	Flying
When Sahra’s Harbinger enters, reveal the top six cards of an opponent’s library and separate them into two piles. That opponent chooses one of those piles and puts it into their hand. You may cast any number of nonland cards in the other pile without paying their mana costs.	5/5		normal	ROS		!exportname Sahras Harbinger
blue black red green
four color creature cycle
SahraREPLACEMESwooping Manticore	WBRG	rare	Creature — Manticore 	255	WBRG	BRGW	This spell can’t be countered.
Flying, menace, haste
Ward—Sacrifice a creature. (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player sacrifices a creature.)	4/4		normal	ROS		black red green white
four color creature cycleREPLACEMEIridescent Savior	WURG	rare	Creature — Angel Soldier 	245	WURG	RGWU	Flying, lifelink
Whenever another creature you control attacks, until end of turn, that creature gets +2/+0 if it’s red, +0/+2 if it’s green, gains lifelink if it’s white, then flying it if it’s blue.	4/4		normal	ROS		red green white blue
four color creature cycle
CyrukanREPLACEMEDiv of Unsettling Secrets	WUB	rare	Creature — Horror 	237	WUB	1WUB	Flash
When this creature enters, exile target permanent or spell. The controller of that spell or permanent draws two cards.	4/3		normal	ROS		White blue black
fullart
NeutralREPLACEMEDisappointment	WUBG	rare	Legendary Creature — Horror Incarnation 	236	WUBG	1GWUB	Disappointment’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of differently named lands you control.
Whenever Disappointment enters or deals damage to a player or noncreature permanent, you may return target nonland permanent card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It’s a land with “T: Add one mana of this card’s colors” and loses all other types and abilities. 	*/*		normal	ROS		four color creature cycleREPLACEMEThe Lost and Seeking	WR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Cleric 	269	WR	R/W	Whenever another legendary creature you control enters, put a +1/+1 counter on The Lost and Seeking.
Surpass 4RW (4RW: Transform this creature. This costs 1 less to activate for each counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.)	1/1		transform double faced	ROS		Ameret, Shining and Proud	WR	Legendary Planeswalker — Ameret 	WR				As this permanent transforms into Ameret, counters on Ameret become loyalty counters instead.
[+1]: Until end of turn, you may have Ameret become a X/X Angel creature with flying, indestructible, and haste, where X is the number of counters on them.
[-2]: Create three 1/1 white and red Cleric creature tokens with lifelink and haste.		fullartREPLACEMECyrukans Elite	R	rare	Creature — Angel Soldier 	125	R	7R	Flying, haste
Whenever Cyrukan’s Elite attacks, create
a 4/4 white Angel Soldier creature token with flying. If it’s the first time Cyrukan’s Elite has attacked this turn, untap all creatures you control. After this phase, there is an additional combat phase.	4/4		normal	ROS		!exportname Cyrukans Elite
fullartREPLACEMEZareen Kahroba, Shah	WUBRG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	257	WUBRG	WUBRG	When Zareen Kahroba, Shah enters, if you cast her, untap each Satrapy you control.
For each Satrapy you control, whenever it becomes tapped for the first time on each of your turns, untap it.	4/4		normal	ROS		REPLACEMEAtieh, Seer of Distant Futures	WU	mythic	Legendary Creature — Merfolk Advisor 	196	WU	1WU		2/2	(Transcend as a sorcery to gain that type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Flash
When Atieh enters, return target noncreature spell to its owner’s hand.
WU: Angel
You gain 2 life and draw a card.
2WU: Elder
Atieh gains “Each opponent can’t cast more than one spell each turn.”	class	ROS		She/her
fullartREPLACEMESahra, Hadak's Last Warrior	RG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Ogre Warrior 	207	RG	3RG		7/7	(Transcend as a sorcery to gain that type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Haste
At the beginning of combat on your turn, sacrifice Sahra unless he entered the battlefield or transcended this turn.
RG: Demon
Discard up to two cards. Draw that many cards plus one.
2RG: Elder
Destroy each artifact and enchantment you don’t control.	class	ROS		He/him
fullartREPLACEMEAvaz Sanctuary		common	Land — Satrapy 	276	WR		Avaz Sanctuary enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add R or W.”			normal	ROS		!tappedREPLACEMEAvaz Temple		common	Land — Satrapy 	277	RG		Avaz Temple enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add R or G.”			normal	ROS		!tappedREPLACEMEDanaj Sanctuary		common	Land — Satrapy 	280	UG		Danaj Sanctuary enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add G or U.”			normal	ROS		!tappedREPLACEMEDanaj Temple		common	Land — Satrapy 	281	BG		Danaj Temple enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add B or G.”			normal	ROS		!tappedREPLACEMEKaneh Sanctuary		common	Land — Satrapy 	283	WB		Kaneh Sanctuary enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add W or B.”			normal	ROS		!tappedREPLACEMEKaneh Temple		common	Land — Satrapy 	284	BR		Kaneh Temple enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add B or R.”			normal	ROS		!tappedREPLACEMENizev Sanctuary		common	Land — Satrapy 	286	UR		Nizev Sanctuary enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add U or R.”			normal	ROS		!tappedREPLACEMENizev Temple		common	Land — Satrapy 	287	UB		Nizev Temple enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add U or B.”			normal	ROS		!tappedREPLACEMESoli Sanctuary		common	Land — Satrapy 	289	WU		Soli Sanctuary enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add W or U.”			normal	ROS		!tappedREPLACEMESoli Temple		common	Land — Satrapy 	290	WG		Soli Temple enters tapped.
Satrapies you control have “T: Add G or W.”			normal	ROS		!tappedREPLACEMEFeather of the Simurgh		mythic	Legendary Artifact	273	WUBRG	3	T: Add one mana of any color.
WUBRG, T, Exile Feather of the Simurgh: Exile a white enchantment card, a blue instant card, a black battle card, a red sorcery card, and a green creature card from your graveyard. If you exiled five cards this way, cast any number of them without paying their mana costs.			normal	ROS		Story Spotlight 10/14
fullartREPLACEMEAtieh's Command	WURG	rare	Instant	230	WURG	RGWU	Choose two — 
• Put two +1/+1 counters on target creature.
• Atieh’s Command deals damage to any target equal to the greatest power among creatures you control.
• You gain life equal to the greatest power among creatures you control.
• Draw cards equal to the greatest power among creatures you control, then discard three cards.			normal	ROS		fullart
Four Color Command Cycle
red blue white green
designer: fleurdvREPLACEMESnake	B	common	Token Creature — Snake 	5	B		Deathtouch			token	ROS		REPLACEMEInsect	B	common	Token Creature — Insect 	4	B		Flying			token	ROS		REPLACEMECleric	WR	common	Token Creature — Cleric 	7	WR		Lifelink, haste	1/1		token	ROS		REPLACEMEPersecutor of Truths	UB	rare	Creature — Demon Rogue Warrior 	200	UB	2UB	When Persecutor of Truths enters, return target creature card with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand or another nontoken creature you control enters and wasn’t cast, draw a card. This ability triggers only once each turn. 	2/3		normal	ROS		fullartREPLACEME