Training Dummy		common	Artifact Creature — Advisor 	257	C	3	Instruct (Whenever this creature attacks, up to one other target attacking creature gains the following abilities until end of turn.)
When this creature dies, create a Treasure token.	3/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEInherited Scythe		common	Artifact	255	C	2	Equipped creature gets +2/+0.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, create a Treasure token.
Equip 2			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEConstruction Zone		common	Land	260	C		T, Sacrifice this land: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle. You may conjure a card named Fatigue on top of your library. If you do, untap that land. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEInstructor of Untold Secrets	B	common	Creature — Human Mutant Advisor 	91	B	1B	Instruct (Whenever this creature attacks, up to one other target attacking creature gains the following abilities until end of turn.)
Deathtouch	1/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEVengeant Husk	B	common	Creature — Demon Assassin 	111	B	1B	When this creature enters, each opponent sacrifices a creature. Then, sacrifice a creature unless you conjure a card named Fatigue on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)	2/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEStarcrossed Savior	B	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	108	B	2B	When this creature enters, [target creature gets +1/+0 and gains indestructible until end of turn.]
Flash technique 1B (You may cast this as an instant spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	3/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEProfessor of Fright	B	common	Creature — Human Advisor 	104	B	2B	Instruct (Whenever this creature attacks, up to one other target attacking creature gains the following abilities until end of turn.)
Menace	3/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEReckless Firestarter	B	common	Creature — Horror Rogue 	106	BR	3B	When this creature enters, you may sacrifice another creature. If you do, [this creature deals 5 damage to target creature or planeswalker.]
Flash technique 4R (You may cast this as an instant spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	2/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEOni-Blooded Retainer	B	common	Creature — Human Rogue Warlock 	97	B	3B	Flying
Whenever this creature attacks, you may mill a card. Then if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, this creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn.	2/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMELife Coach	B	common	Creature — Vampire Wizard 	93	WB	4B	Lifelink
When this creature enters, you may [return target creature card with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.]
Technique W (You may cast this as a sorcery spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	3/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEConcavity of Colors	B	common	Creature — Horror 	82	WUBRG	5B	When this creature enters, you gain 5 life.
WUBRG: You draw a card and you lose 1 life.	5/6		normal	HTS		Precursor of LightREPLACEMEAnguished Decree	B	common	Instant	77	B	B	Choose one —
• Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
• Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	HTS		Itami TsukikoREPLACEMEFutile Endeavor	B	common	Instant	88	B	1B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Scry 2, then draw two cards.			normal	HTS		TakaraREPLACEMEEndless Nights	B	common	Sorcery	85	B	B	Target player reveals their hand. You may choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card. If they discarded a card with mana value 3 or greater this way, conjure a card named Fatigue and put it on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	HTS		ItamiREPLACEMEBurst of the Silent Snake	B	common	Instant	81	B	XB	Destroy target creature or enchantment with mana value X.			normal	HTS		AsamiREPLACEMEAfternoon Snack	B	common	Instant	76	B	3B	This spell costs 2 less to cast if you’ve cast another spell this turn.
Exile target creature. You gain 3 life.			normal	HTS		BriarREPLACEMELethargic First Year	G	common	Creature — Horror Student 	171	G	1G	T: Add C.
1, T: Create a tapped Treasure token.	1/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEPugnacious Paragon	G	common	Creature — Human Mystic 	178	G	2G	When this creature enters, mill three cards. Then you may return a land card from your graveyard to your hand.
This creature gets +3/+0 as long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard.	1/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEWorkout Mentor	G	common	Creature — Human Advisor 	186	G	2G	Instruct (Whenever this creature attacks, up to one other target attacking creature gains the following abilities until end of turn.)
This creature gets +1/+1 and has trample as long as it is tapped.	2/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEBoisterous Bright	G	common	Creature — Kithkin Wizard 	154	G	1G	When this creature enters, you may destroy target artifact or enchantment. If its mana value was 1 or greater, conjure a card named Fatigue on the top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)	2/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMENeon Junkie Recruit	G	common	Creature — Human Rogue 	175	G	3G	When this creature enters, you may [search your library for a Forest land, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.]
Technique 1G (You may cast this as a sorcery spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	2/4		normal	HTS		Kazuki GangREPLACEMEField Commander	G	common	Creature — Human Cat Soldier 	168	G	4G	This spell costs 2 less to cast for each card you’ve drawn outside your draw step this turn.
Vigilance, reach	5/5		normal	HTS		REPLACEMERadiant Reckoner	G	common	Creature — Horror Rogue 	179	WG	4G	Trample
When this creature enters, [create two 1/1 Horror creature tokens that are all colors.]
Technique 1W (You may cast this as a sorcery spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	3/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEShady Profiteer	G	common	Creature — Human Rogue 	181	BG	5G	When this creature enters, [return target non-X creature card from your graveyard to your hand.]
Technique B (You may cast this as a sorcery spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	4/4		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEMaw to Consume All	G	common	Creature — Horror 	173	G	5GG	When this creature enters, create two 1/1 Horror creature tokens that are all colors.
Basic landcycling 1G (1G, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	6/6		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEBullet Lance Ambush	G	common	Sorcery	157	G	1G	This spell can’t be countered.
Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature or planeswalker you don’t control.			normal	HTS		SatomiREPLACEMEFive-Mountain Crush	G	common	Instant	169	G	G	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may pay 2. If you don’t, conjure a card named Fatigue on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)
Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. It fights target creature you don’t control.			normal	HTS		IllaoiREPLACEMEEndless Labor	G	common	Instant	165	G	2G	Target creature gets +3/+3 and gains hexproof until end of turn.
Create a tapped Treasure token.			normal	HTS		Chinatsu REPLACEMEEclipse with Color	G	common	Sorcery	162	G	2G	Create a tapped colorless land token named Everywhere that is every basic land type.
Conjure a card named Fatigue into your hand. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEBring Color to those Astray	G	common	Sorcery	156	G	1G	Mill three cards, then you may return a permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.
2, Exile a white card, a blue card, a black card, a red card, and this card from your graveyard: Search your library and/or graveyard for a card named Precursor of Light and put it onto the battlefield. If you searched your library this way, shuffle. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEProfessor of Hidden Arts	R	common	Creature — Human Advisor 	139	R	1R	Instruct (Whenever this creature attacks, up to one other target attacking creature gains the following abilities until end of turn.)
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, create a tapped Treasure token.	2/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEBullheaded Recruit	R	common	Creature — Human Ox Soldier 	117	UR	1R	Haste
When this creature enters, you may discard a card. If you do, [draw two cards.]
Technique 2U (You may cast this as a sorcery spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	1/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEPrismad Reformer	R	common	Creature — Horror Student 	138	R	2R	Prowess, haste
When this creature enters, create a Treasure token.	3/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEHeavy Artillery Monitor	R	common	Creature — Human Advisor 	131	R	2R	Instruct (Whenever this creature attacks, up to one other target attacking creature gains the following abilities until end of turn.)
This creature gets +2/+0 as long as it is tapped.	1/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEDelinquent Duo	R	common	Creature — Horror Student 	124	RG	3R	Menace
When this creature enters, [create a 1/1 Horror creature token that’s all colors and a Treasure token.]
Technique 1G (You may cast this as a sorcery spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	3/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEVanguard of Fiery Fury	R	common	Creature — Human Cat Soldier 	148	R	4R	Trample
When this creature enters, [it deals 2 damage to any target.]
Flash Technique R (You may cast this as an instant spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	4/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMENeon Junkie Kyodai	R	common	Creature — Demon Rogue 	135	R	4R	Trample
Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, this creature deals 2 damage to target player or planeswalker.	5/5		normal	HTS		Kazuki GangREPLACEMEArrogant Jock	R	common	Creature — Human Fox Student 	115	R	2R	Reach
When this creature enters, conjure a card named Fatigue into your hand. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)	3/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEGuardian of the Fray	R	common	Creature — Human Cat Soldier 	130	R	2R	Defender, reach
T: This creature deals 1 damage to each opponent.
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, untap this creature.	1/4		normal	HTS		REPLACEMECrash Through	R	common	Sorcery	121	R	R	Creatures you control gain trample until end of turn.
Draw a card.			normal	HTS		AimiREPLACEMEGreater Together	R	common	Instant	129	R	2R	Exile the top two cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards. Instant and sorcery spells cast this way cost 1 less to cast.			normal	HTS		Banri Kumiko
FallingstarREPLACEMEDangle the Autograph	R	common	Instant	123	R	2R	Choose one —
• Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn.
• Create two 1/1 red Student creature tokens.			normal	HTS		AimiREPLACEMEAce the Test	R	common	Instant	114	R	1R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may pay 2. If you don’t, conjure a card named Fatigue on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)
Ace the Test deals 4 damage to any target.			normal	HTS		AimiREPLACEMEBlessing from the Stars	R	common	Enchantment — Aura 	116	R	R	Enchant creature
When this Aura enters, target creature can’t block this turn.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has prowess. (Each instance of prowess triggers separately.)			normal	HTS		TsukikoREPLACEMEStern Lecturer	U	common	Creature — Human Advisor 	70	U	1U	Instruct (Whenever this creature attacks, up to one other target attacking creature gains the following abilities until end of turn.)
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, conjure a card named Fatigue into your hand. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)	2/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEAcademy Champion	U	common	Creature — Human Fox Student 	39	UG	2U	Flash
When this creature enters, [target creature you control gets +0/+1 and gains hexproof until end of turn.]
Flash technique G (You may cast this as an instant spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	0/4		normal	HTS		REPLACEMESpoiled Crusader	U	common	Creature — Human Cat Soldier 	68	U	2U	Prowess, vigilance
T: Add U. Spend this mana only to cast a noncreature spell.	1/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEPactbinder Initiate	U	common	Creature — Elf Warlock 	62	U	2U	Flying
Whenever you draw a card, tap target creature.	2/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEPlucky Visionary	U	common	Creature — Kithkin Mystic 	64	U	3U	When this creature enters, you may [return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.]
Flash Technique 2U (You may cast this as an instant spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	2/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMESkyhigh Bright	U	common	Creature — Elemental Wizard 	67	U	4U	Flying
When this creature enters, you may conjure a card named Fatigue on top of your library. If you do, return target creature you don’t control to its owner’s hand. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)	4/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEAll-Ears Tracker	U	common	Creature — Human Rabbit Soldier 	41	UB	5U	When this creature enters, [scry 2, then draw a card.]
Flash Technique 1B (You may cast this as an instant spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	5/5		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEDrown in Homework	U	common	Instant	49	U	UU	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may pay 2. If you don’t, conjure a card named Fatigue on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)
Counter target spell. If you didn’t conjure a card to cast this spell, scry 2.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMETake Recon	U	common	Sorcery	72	U	U	Scry 1, then draw a card.
Flashback 3U (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	HTS		AkioREPLACEMEGroup Study Session	U	common	Sorcery	51	U	4U	Draw three cards. Untap up to two creatures you control.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMECram Week	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	46	U	1U	Enchant creature
When this creature enters, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature loses all abilities and doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.			normal	HTS		GwenREPLACEMEDetention	U	common	Instant	48	U	3U	This spell costs 2 less to cast if you have a card named Fatigue in your graveyard. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)
Target creature’s owner puts it on the top or bottom of their library.			normal	HTS		ShizukaREPLACEMEMoving Forward, Snag on Time	U	common	Instant	59	U	2U	Choose one —
• Counter target spell unless its controller pays 3.
• Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.			normal	HTS		MorikoREPLACEMESwiftsteel Wonder	W	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	33	WR	1W	When this creature enters, [target creature you control gets +2/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.]
Flash technique 1R (You may cast this as an instant spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	2/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEDawnpulse Savior	W	common	Creature — Human Cat Wizard 	17	W	1W	Prowess
When this creature enters, conjure a card named Fatigue into your hand. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)	2/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMECool Kids Clique	W	common	Creature — Human Fox Student 	16	W	1W	Whenever another creature you control dies, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.	1/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMERadiant Artillery	W	common	Creature — Human Bat Soldier 	28	WU	2W	Flying
When this creature enters, you may [tap target creature and put a stun counter on it.]
Technique U (You may cast this as a sorcery spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	2/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEOverprotective	W	common	Creature — Human Student 	26	W	2W	Lifelink
When this creature enters, [return a permanent you control to its owner’s hand.]
Flash technique W (You may cast this as an instant spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	2/4		normal	HTS		REPLACEMESpeed Coach	W	common	Creature — Human Advisor 	32	W	2W	Instruct (Whenever this creature attacks, up to one other target attacking creature gains the following abilities until end of turn.)
During your turn, this creature has first strike.	3/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEAerobics Instructor	W	common	Creature — Human Advisor 	4	W	3W	Instruct (Whenever this creature attacks, up to one other target attacking creature gains the following abilities until end of turn.)
Flying	3/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEAfterschool Theater Club	W	common	Enchantment	5	W	3W	When this enchantment enters, create two 2/2 blue Student creature tokens.
Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player or planeswalker, untap target creature.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEAdmired Superhero	W	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	3	W	4W	Vigilance
Whenever you attack with three or more creatures, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.	4/4		normal	HTS		REPLACEMESixth Period Skippers	W	common	Creature — Human Student 	31	W	1W	Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, you may discard a card. If you do, search your library for a card named Sixth Period Skippers, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	3/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEConfine to Everywhere	W	common	Enchantment	15	W	W	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may pay 2. If you don’t, conjure a card named Fatigue on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)
When this enchantment enters, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until this enchantment leaves the battlefield.			normal	HTS		ItamiREPLACEMEMoment of Decision	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	24	W	2W	Enchant creature
As long as another player controls enchanted creature, it can’t attack or block, and its activated abilities can’t be activated. Otherwise, enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has prowess.			normal	HTS		Itami TsukikoREPLACEMEAppeal to Sensibilities	W	common	Instant	8	W	W	Choose one —
• Destroy target enchantment.
• Target creature you control gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn.
• Draw a card.			normal	HTS		LeonaREPLACEMEBanri and Kumiko, Falling Stars	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Elf 	79	UBR	2B		3/3	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Flying
1R:  Wizard
Discard up to two cards. Draw a card and create a Treasure token for each card discarded this way.
7U: Scout
Shuffle your hand and graveyard into your library, then draw seven cards. If thirty-nine or more cards or more were shuffled into your library this way, you may cast any number of cards in your hand without paying their mana costs.	class	HTS		Banri Kumiko
FallingstarREPLACEMEItami, Enervated	B	mythic	Legendary Creature — Shade 	92	B	BB	Itami can’t block and can’t be blocked.
Whenever Itami deals combat damage to a player, each player discards a card. Put a +1/+1 counter on Itami if you discarded the card with the highest mana value among those cards or tied for highest.	1/1		normal	HTS		ItamiREPLACEMEMoriko, the Jovial Friend	G	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Student 	174	UBG	1G		1/1	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)
When Moriko enters, draw a card.
1U: Wizard
You may discard a card. If you do, draw two cards.
3B: Horror
Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the number of cards in your hand.	class	HTS		MorikoREPLACEMEChinatsu, Hero to All	G	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	158	G	2G	Vigilance
Whenever you cast a spell that targets a creature you control, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control if that spell was green. Creatures you control gain menace and haste until end of turn if that spell was red. Creatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn if that spell was white.	3/3		normal	HTS		ChinatsuREPLACEMETsukiko, Star of the Class	R	rare	Legendary Creature — Elf Student 	145	WUR	R		1/1	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Prowess
1W: Wizard
Tsukiko gains “Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, you gain 1 life.”
2U: Elemental
Tsukiko gains “Noncreature spells you cast cost one mana of any color less to cast.”	class	HTS		Tsukiko REPLACEMEKumiko, Brightest in the Sky	R	mythic	Legendary Creature — Elf Wizard 	132	R	2R	Flying
When you cast your first spell each turn, add RR.
When you cast your third spell each turn, put three +1/+1 counters on Kumiko.
When you cast your fifth spell each turn, Kumiko deals 5 damage to any target.	2/2		normal	HTS		Kumiko
FallingstarREPLACEMEAimi, Top Cut	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Human  	40	URG	2U		2/1	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Flash
When Aimi enters, you may return target creature you don’t control to its owner’s hand.
3R: Student
Aimi gains “Whenever an opponent casts their first spell each turn, Aimi deals 2 damage to that player.”
1G: Assassin
Put a deathtouch counter and first strike counter on Aimi.	class	HTS		AimiREPLACEMEBanri, Guide in the Sky	U	mythic	Legendary Creature — Elf Scout Wizard 	42	U	3U	Flash
Flying
Whenever this enters or you cast your first noncreature spell each turn, conjure a card named Fatigue into your hand. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)	4/3		normal	HTS		Banri
FallingstarREPLACEMETakara, Scarred by Fate	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Angel 	34	WBR	1W		2/1	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Flying
1B: Survivor
Return target non-Angel creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.
3R: Horror
Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn.	class	HTS		TakaraREPLACEMEAkio, Always Watchful	W	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Wolf Soldier 	6	W	1W	Vigilance
Whenever Akio attacks, scry 2.
T: Reveal the top card of your library. Akio gains protection from each of that card’s types until end of turn.	2/2		normal	HTS		AkioREPLACEMECastaway of a Broken Timeline	WUB	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Serafhin 	219	WUB	WUB			[+1]: Draw a card then put a card from your hand on the bottom of your library.
[-2]: Exile up to one target nonland permanent and put two time counters on it. If it doesn’t have suspend, it gains suspend.
[-8]: Take an extra turn after this one. [Phase out all nonland permanents you don’t control until your next turn.]
Flash technique 2WUB	planeswalker	HTS	3	white blue blackREPLACEMEThe Fate-Scarred	WBR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Angel Horror 	227	WBR	RWB	Flying, haste
Whenever another creature you control enters, choose one that hasn’t been chosen this turn —
• That creature gets +1/+0 and gains haste until end of turn.
• Creatures you control gain menace until end of turn.
• You gain 3 life.	3/3		normal	HTS		blue black red
TakaraREPLACEMETraveller from Another World	BRG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Bastazim 	252	BRG	BRG			[+1]: Create a Treasure token. 
[-3]: [Destroy target permanent.] That permanent’s controller draws a card.
[-10]: Each opponent sacrifices five artifacts. Repeat this process for battles, creatures, enchantments, lands, and planeswalkers.
Flash technique 1BRG	planeswalker	HTS	4	black red greenREPLACEMEThe Phantom Bandit	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Elf 	101	WBG	1B		2/1	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Flash
Deathtouch
2G: Rogue
Mill four cards. You may return a permanent card milled this way to your hand.
5W: Horror
Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.	class	HTS		BanditREPLACEMEPrestigious Schoolmaster	B	rare	Creature — Human Advisor 	103	B	2B	Instruct (Whenever this creature attacks, up to one other target attacking creature gains the following abilities until end of turn.)
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, they lose half their life, rounded up.	3/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEHarbinger of Fallen Fates	B	rare	Creature — Dragon Warlock 	90	B	2BB	Flying
When this creature enters, each opponent conjures two cards named Fatigue into their hand. (They’re colorless sorceries that cost 2 with “Draw a card.”)
Whenever an opponent casts a spell, that player loses 2 life.	5/5		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEOn Wings of Despair	B	rare	Creature — Demon 	96	B	5BB	Flying
When this creature enters, if you cast it, [destroy all creatures] you don’t control.
Technique 3BB (You may cast this as a sorcery spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	7/7		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEQuickwitted Adversary	B	rare	Creature — Human  Rogue 	105	B	1B	Prowess
Whenever this creature attacks, reveal the top card of your library, then put it into your hand. You lose life equal to twice that card’s mana value minus this creature’s power.	1/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEPlacate the Demon King	B	rare	Sorcery	102	B	2B	Target opponent chooses a number. When they do, choose one —
• That player sacrifices that many creatures of their choice.
• Create a black Demon Mystic token with flying whose power and toughness are each equal to 7 minus that number.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEEverywhere to be Found	B	rare	Enchantment	86	B	B	Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, put a plot counter on this enchantment and each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
2B, Sacrifice this enchantment: Draw cards equal to the number of plot counters on it.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEChinatsu, Striving for Perfection	G	rare	Legendary Creature — Human 	159	WRG	1G		2/3	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Spells you cast that target creatures you control cost 2 less to cast.
1W: Mystic
Chinatsu gains “Spells your opponents cast that target creatures you control cost 2 more to cast.”
4R: Wizard
Exile the top five cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards.	class	HTS		Chinatsu REPLACEMELoathed Archvillain	G	rare	Creature — Human Druid Rogue 	172	G	2G	Trample
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, draw a card.
Whenever you draw your second card each turn, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.	3/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEApplied Gym Coach	G	rare	Creature — Human Advisor Mystic 	150	G	4GG	Instruct (Whenever this creature attacks, up to one other target attacking creature gains the following abilities until end of turn.)
Trample
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, you may search your library for a creature card with mana value less than that damage, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	6/6		normal	HTS		REPLACEMECitycrusher Behemoth	G	rare	Creature — Lizard 	160	G	6G	Haste
Whenever this creature attacks, creatures you control get +2/+2 until end of turn. [prevent all damage that would be dealt this turn] by nonattacking creatures. 
Flash technique G (You may cast this as an instant spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	6/6		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEEverywhere Beckons	G	rare	Sorcery	167	G	3G	For each color among permanents you control as you cast this spell, choose one —
• Target player creates a 3/3 colorless Homunculus creature token.
• Create a tapped colorless land token named Everywhere that is every basic land type.
• Destroy target artifact or enchantment.
• Target player gains 7 life.
• Return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMETeamwork Makes the Dream Work	G	rare	Sorcery	184	G	3GG	Creatures you control get +X/+X and gain trample until end of turn, where X is the number of card types among cards in your graveyard.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEPlatoon Intern	G	rare	Creature — Human Monkey Student 	177	G	G	Trample
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, conjure a card named Fatigue on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)	3/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEStarwalker	WU	rare	Creature — Elemental Wizard 	189	WU	1WU	2WU, Return an unblocked attacking creature you control to its owner’s hand: Put this creature from your hand onto the battlefield tapped and attacking.
Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, reveal the top card of your library and put that card into your hand. You gain life equal to that card’s mana value.	2/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEInked Diabolist	UB	rare	Creature — Human Warlock 	192	UB	UB	Menace
2, Exile an instant or sorcery spell you control: Return target creature card with equal or lesser mana value than the exiled spell from your graveyard to the battlefield.	2/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEFame Chaser	BR	rare	Creature — Human Warrior 	194	BR	3BR	Ward—Pay 3 life.
During your turn, instant and sorcery cards in your graveyard have flashback. Their flashback cost is equal to their mana cost minus 1 for each 1 life your opponents have lost this turn.	5/5		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEFaded Hero	RG	rare	Creature — Horror Wizard 	196	RG	2RG	Trample
The first spell you cast each turn costs 2 less to cast.
This creature gets +1/+1 for each color among spells you’ve cast this turn.	3/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMELovely Afternoon at the Park	WG	rare	Enchantment	200	WG	2GW	At the beginning of your end step, you may exile a card from your graveyard.  Create two 1/1 white Bird creature tokens with flying if you exiled an instant or sorcery card this way. If you exiled another type this way, create a 3/3 colorless Homunculus creature token.			normal	HTS		MorikoREPLACEMEMurmurs of Hope and Life	WB	rare	Enchantment	202	WB	2WB	At the beginning of your end step, you may return target creature card with mana value X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield with a finality counter on it, where X is the number of creatures that died under your control this turn.			normal	HTS		Banri Kumiko
FallingstarREPLACEMEEmissary of Foxflame	UR	rare	Creature — Human Fox Mystic 	205	UR	3UR	T: Exile the top card of your library. You may play it this turn.
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, untap this creature.	3/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEChanneler of the Wilds	UG	rare	Creature — Human Warlock 	215	UG	4GU	Whenever you draw your second card each turn, untap each land you control, then put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.	3/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEFrazzled Destinies Entwine	BG	rare	Enchantment	209	BG	5BG	At the beginning of your upkeep, return target permanent card from your graveyard to the battlefield.
You may cast this card from your graveyard by paying its mana cost plus exiling any number of cards from your graveyard with five or more card types among them.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEHarmony in Mayhem	WR	rare	Enchantment	212	WR	2RW	Creatures you control get +1/+1.
Whenever this enchantment enters and whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create a 1/1 red Student creature token.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMESatomi, Platoon Leader	R	rare	Legendary Creature — Human 	140	BRG	2R		3/3	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Whenever Satomi attacks you may sacrifice an artifact or land. If you do, draw a card.
1G:  Soldier
Satomi gains “You may play an additional land on each of your turns.”
3B: Rabbit
Satomi gains “You may play lands from your graveyard.”	class	HTS		SatomiREPLACEMEField Trainer	R	rare	Creature — Human Advisor 	126	R	2RR	Instruct (Whenever this creature attacks, up to one other target attacking creature gains the following abilities until end of turn.)
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, you may cast an instant or sorcery spell from your graveyard with equal or lesser mana value and add that much R.  You may only spend that mana to cast that spell.	4/4		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEDancer on the Clouds	R	rare	Creature — Elemental Dragon 	122	R	5R	Flying, haste
When this creature attacks, [it deals 4 damage to target creature or planeswalker.]
Flash technique 2R (You may cast this as an instant spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	5/5		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEMirthful Bully	R	rare	Creature — Kithkin Student 	134	R	1R	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create a 1/1 red Student creature token. Then if that spell was named Fatigue, creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain haste until end of turn.	1/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMECommune with the Cosmic Dance	R	rare	Sorcery	120	R	4R	Exile the top four cards of your library. You may cast any number of spells this way with total mana value four or less without paying their mana costs.
Flashback 6RR (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	HTS		REPLACEMECapture the Spectrum	R	rare	Enchantment	119	WUBRG	1R	Whenever one or more creatures you control deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, create a Treasure token.
WUBRG: You may cast a noncreature spell with mana value four or less you own from outside the game without paying its mana cost. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	HTS		TakaraREPLACEMEShow Off	R	rare	Sorcery	141	R	R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may pay 2. If you don’t, conjure a card named Fatigue on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)
You may choose new targets for target spell or ability.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEItami, Always Aspiring	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Student 	55	WUB	1U		2/2	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Whenever Itami deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.
1W: Wizard
Put a flying counter and a first strike counter on Itami.
3B: Shade
Itami gains “Discard a card: Put a +1/+1 counter on Itami. She gains hexproof until end of turn.”	class	HTS		ItamiREPLACEMEHallway Wanderer	U	rare	Creature — Human Fox Student 	52	U	U	Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, conjure a card named Fatigue into your hand. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)
2, Discard a card: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. It can’t be blocked this turn.	1/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEHero of Understated Will	U	rare	Creature — Kithkin Wizard 	54	U	5UU	Flash
Whenever this creature enters or an opponent casts their first spell each turn, [counter target spell.]
Flash technique 1UU (You may cast this as an instant spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	6/6		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEMaster of Knowledge	U	rare	Creature — Human Advisor 	58	U	2U	Instruct  (Whenever this creature attacks, up to one other target attacking creature gains the following abilities until end of turn.)
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, draw a card, then discard a card unless you have seven or more cards in your graveyard.	3/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEDeluge of Colors	U	rare	Sorcery	47	U	2UU	Create three 1/1 Fish Horror creature tokens with flying that are all colors. For each token, exile the top card of your library. When that token deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, return the exiled card to your hand.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEBesmear	U	rare	Sorcery	43	U	2UU	Choose a mana value. Return all creatures that aren’t of that mana value to their owner’s hands.			normal	HTS		Itami Tsukiko SanrinREPLACEMEWarning Call	U	rare	Instant	75	U	1U	You may cast this spell from your graveyard if one or more creatures you control are unblocked. You may only cast one spell each turn named Warning Call this way.
Scry 1, then draw a card.			normal	HTS		AkioREPLACEMEAkio, Eyes of the Platoon	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Human 	7	WUG	1W		2/3	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)
Vigilance
Whenever another creature you control enters, scry 1.
1U: Soldier
Akio gains “Whenever you scry, put that many +1/+1 counters on him.”
5G: Wolf
Reveal the top five cards of your library. Put any number of creature cards revealed this way onto the battlefield and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	class	HTS		AkioREPLACEMEClass Bully	W	rare	Creature — Human Student 	14	W	1W	Whenever a player casts a spell named Fatigue, you gain 2 life.
If a player would draw a card outside the first they would draw in each of their draw steps except by sources named Fatigue, instead that player conjures a card named Fatigue in their hand. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)	2/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEVeracious Soultender	W	rare	Creature — Elf Advisor Cleric 	38	W	2W	Instruct (Whenever this creature attacks, up to one other target attacking creature gains the following abilities until end of turn.)
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, you may return target creature card with that much mana value or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. 	2/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEHearthsoul Bright	W	rare	Creature — Human Wizard 	20	W	3WW	At the beginning of combat on your turn, [choose two from flying, vigilance, lifelink, or indestructible. Creatures you control gain those abilities until end of turn.]
Flash technique 1W (You may cast this as an instant spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	5/5		normal	HTS		REPLACEMETear the World Asunder	W	rare	Sorcery	35	W	1WW	Destroy all creatures with base power 3 or greater.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEBarrage from Above	W	rare	Sorcery	11	W	1W	Choose one —
• Exile target multicolored permanent.
• Draw a card.			normal	HTS		Tsukiko REPLACEMEAssemble the Squad	W	rare	Instant	10	W	2W	Exile any number of creatures you control, then return them to the battlefield. If they were attacking and this spell was cast during combat before blockers were declared, they enter the battlefield attacking.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEOffering to Monotony	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Demon Warlock 	95	B	1B	Ward—Pay 2 life.
Sacrifice a creature: This creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Then if its power is 6 or greater, it gains menace until end of turn.	2/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMETrainer of the Empty Mind	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Advisor 	109	B	2B	Instruct (Whenever this creature attacks, up to one other target attacking creature gains the following abilities until end of turn.)
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, defending player discards a card.	2/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEPenumbra Agent	B	uncommon	Creature — Shade Warlock 	100	UB	2B	When this creature enters, you may [search your library for an instant or sorcery card or a card with technique, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.] You lose life equal to that card’s mana value.
Technique 2U (You may cast this as a sorcery spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	3/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEWarden of those Fallen	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Mystic 	112	BG	3B	Menace
Whenever this creature attacks, [exile up to two cards from a single graveyard from the game. If you do, draw a card] and put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.
Technique G (You may cast this as a sorcery spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	3/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEDisciple of the Wolf	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Warlock 	84	B	4B	When this creature enters, sacrifice another creature. [You draw X cards and you lose X life], where X is that creature’s power.
Technique XBB (You may cast this as a sorcery spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	3/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEPatron of Pride	B	uncommon	Creature — Demon Rogue 	99	B	4BB	Flying
This creature’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in your graveyard.	*/*		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEExtracurricular Homicide	B	uncommon	Instant	87	B	1B	Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn. It gets an additional -2/-2 until end of turn for each card named Fatigue in your graveyard.			normal	HTS		AimiREPLACEMEGetaway Ride	B	uncommon	Sorcery	89	B	3B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature or conjure a card named Fatigue on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)
Return a creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield, then return another creature card from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	HTS		BanditREPLACEMESpread Thin	B	uncommon	Sorcery	107	B	2B	Target player discards two cards. You gain 1 life for each card type among cards in your graveyard.			normal	HTS		Kazuki
Kazuki GangREPLACEMEUnexpected Losses	B	uncommon	Enchantment	110	B	2B	Whenever a creature you control dies, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life. If this is the second time this ability has resolved this turn, conjure a card named Fatigue into your hand. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	HTS		SatomiREPLACEMELost in Love	B	uncommon	Sorcery	94	B	1B	Target player sacrifices a nontoken creature.
Flashback 4BB (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	HTS		Banri Kumiko
FallingstarREPLACEMECrushing Ennui	B	uncommon	Sorcery	83	B	1BB	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may pay 2 life. If you do, copy this spell, then conjure a copy of a card named Fatigue on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)
All creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEUncompromising Pillar	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Wizard 	185	G	1G	Vigilance, reach
When this creature enters, you may put a +1/+1 counter on target token you control.	2/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEEclipsed Assistant	G	uncommon	Creature — Horror Wizard 	163	G	1G	Trample
T, Mill two cards: Add G.
3G: Until end of turn, this creature’s base power and toughness each become equal to the number of card types among cards in your graveyard.	1/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMECongealed Longings	G	uncommon	Creature — Ooze Horror 	161	UG	2G	Trample
Whenever this creature attacks, up to one [target creature loses all abilities and becomes a black Ooze with base power and toughness 1/1 until end of turn.]
Technique 1U (You may cast this as a sorcery spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	3/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMETeacher's Pet	G	uncommon	Creature — Cat Advisor 	183	G	3G	This creature gets +1/+1 for each other creature you control.
Instruct (Whenever this creature attacks, up to one other target attacking creature gains the following abilities until end of turn.)
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, create a 1/1 red Student creature token.	1/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEAvenging Vandal	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Rogue 	151	RG	2G	Vigilance
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, you may [destroy target artifact] or enchantment.
Flash Technique R (You may cast this as an instant spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	3/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEStalwart of the New Horizon	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	182	G	4G	Trample
This creature’s power and toughness are each equal to twice number of cards in your hand.
Whenever this creature or another creature you control dies, conjure a card named Fatigue into your hand. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)	*/*		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEEndless Fans	G	uncommon	Sorcery	164	G	5GG	Create three 3/3 colorless Homunculus creature tokens. You gain 3 life.			normal	HTS		ShizukaREPLACEMEBehemoth Tamer	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Druid Warrior 	153	G	3G	Whenever this creature dies, [create a X/X Dinosaur creature token that’s all colors], where X is the number of lands you control. It can’t block this turn.
Technique XG (You may cast this as a sorcery spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	3/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEEngulf in the Rainbow	G	uncommon	Sorcery	166	G	3G	Search your library for up to two basic land cards that don’t share a type, put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEPathological Altruism	G	uncommon	Enchantment	176	G	1G	Whenever you draw your second card each turn, create a 3/3 colorless Homunculus creature token. It can’t block this turn.			normal	HTS		MorikoREPLACEMEBattle of the Behemoths	G	uncommon	Instant	152	G	2G	Target creature you control gets +2/+2 until end of turn. It deals damage equal to its power to target creature you don’t control.
Basic landcycling 1G (1G, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEBombardment of Colors	G	uncommon	Sorcery	155	G	4G	For each color, return up to one target card of that color from your graveyard to your hand. Exile this card.			normal	HTS		SanrinREPLACEMEFLARE Dominator	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Mystic 	127	R	R	2, T: Creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn. Activate only during your turn.
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, untap this creature.	1/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEOne-Slash Aspirant	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Mystic 	136	R	1R	Prowess
Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, you may exile the top card of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play that card.	2/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEAbstergent Eye	R	uncommon	Creature — Eye Horror 	113	R	1R	Whenever you cast a spell, note one of its colors that hasn’t been noted for this creature.
This creature’s power is equal to the number of colors noted for it.	*/4		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEForthright Spellfist	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Wolf Mystic 	128	R	2R	Prowess, haste
When this creature enters, you may cast an instant or sorcery spell from your graveyard. A spell cast this way costs 2 less to cast.	2/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMETwo-Hit Prodigy	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Mystic 	146	WR	2R	Whenever this creature attacks, [target creature gains double strike until end of turn.] 
Flash Technique 1W (You may cast this as an instant spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	2/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEDetermined Underminer	R	uncommon	Creature — Horror Rogue 	125	BR	3R	When this creature dies, [return another target creature card in your graveyard to the battlefield with a finality counter on it] unless an opponent has this creature deal 4 damage to them.
Technique 4B (You may cast this as a sorcery spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	4/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEStalwart Tagger	R	uncommon	Creature — Demon Rogue 	142	R	3RR	At the beginning of your end step, [this creature deals X damage to any target], where X is the number of tapped creatures you control.
Technique XR (You may cast this as a sorcery spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	5/5		normal	HTS		Kazuki GangREPLACEMEUncurbed Vengeance	R	uncommon	Sorcery	147	R	1R	Uncurbed Vengeance deals 2 damage to each creature and planeswalker.			normal	HTS		RBArcun
HotaruREPLACEMEWhirlwind Melting Whirlpool	R	uncommon	Instant	149	R	1R	Choose one —
• Whirlwind Melting Whirlpool deals 3 damage to any target.
• Target player sacrifices a nontoken artifact.			normal	HTS		GinjiroREPLACEMEStar Performance	R	uncommon	Instant	143	R	R	Target creature gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.
If this isn’t the first spell you’ve cast this turn, that creature gains double strike until end of turn.			normal	HTS		AimiREPLACEMECall the Stars	R	uncommon	Sorcery	118	R	1R	Draw two cards. Conjure two cards named Fatigue on top of your library. (They’re colorless sorceries that cost 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	HTS		Tsukiko REPLACEMEOverwhelming Epiphany	R	uncommon	Instant	137	R	2R	Overwhelming Epiphany deals 5 damage to target creature or planeswalker. If that permanent would die this turn, exile it instead.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEOne of the Lost Many	U	uncommon	Creature — Horror Rogue 	61	WU	1U	When this creature enters, [exile target non-Horror creature.] Return that card to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step. 
Technique 1WW (You may cast this as a sorcery spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	1/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEJaded Protector	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Student 	56	U	1U	1, T: Draw a card, then discard a card.
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, untap this creature.	1/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMECondemned Competitor	U	uncommon	Creature — Horror Mystic 	44	U	2U	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create a 1/1 Horror creature token that’s all colors.
Noncreature spells you cast cost 1 less to cast if an opponent has been dealt damage this turn.	2/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMENeon Junkie Watch	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Rabbit Rogue 	60	U	2U	Flying
Whenever you cast your first noncreature spell each turn, if it wasn’t colorless, conjure a card named Fatigue into your hand. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)	1/4		normal	HTS		Kazuki GangREPLACEMEUnflinching Proctor	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Advisor 	74	U	3U	Instruct (Whenever this creature attacks, up to one other target attacking creature gains the following abilities until end of turn.)
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a creature, tap that creature and put a stun counter on it.	3/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMERefraction Arcanist	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Wizard 	65	UR	4U	Whenever this creature attacks, [when you next cast an instant or sorcery spell this turn, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.] (This includes spells cast for their technique cost.)
Flash technique 2R (You may cast this as an instant spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	5/4		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEHardheaded Judge	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Mystic 	53	U	1U	Prowess
U, Sacrifice this creature: [Counter target noncreature spell unless its controller pays X], where X is this creature’s power.
Flash Technique XU (You may cast this as an instant spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	2/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMERevivify Passion	U	uncommon	Sorcery	66	U	2U	This spell costs 2 less to cast if an opponent was dealt combat damage this turn.
Scry 2, then draw two cards.			normal	HTS		Banri Kumiko
FallingstarREPLACEMETrickling Colors	U	uncommon	Instant	73	U	1UU	This spell costs 1U less to cast if it targets a spell that targets you or a permanent you control.
Counter target spell.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEContemplate Countless Futures	U	uncommon	Enchantment	45	U	1U	Whenever this enchantment enters, conjure a card named Fatigue into your hand. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, target player mills three cards.			normal	HTS		Tsukiko REPLACEMEFoster Inner Peace	U	uncommon	Enchantment	50	U	1U	Whenever you draw a card, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.
Whenever you draw your second card each turn, you may activate a loyalty ability of a planeswalker you control.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEStop and Rest	U	uncommon	Instant	71	U	U	Counter target noncreature spell. Its controller conjures a card named Fatigue into their hand. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEPreserver of Individuality	W	uncommon	Creature — Angel Warrior 	27	W	4W	Flying, prowess
Other creatures you control have prowess. (Each instance of prowess triggers separately.)	4/4		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEArbiter of Endless Starlight	W	uncommon	Creature — Angel Wizard 	9	W	1W	Flying
When this creature enters, each player conjures two cards named Fatigue into their hand. (They’re colorless sorceries that cost 2 with “Draw a card.”)	2/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEFLARE Contender	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Mystic 	19	W	1W	When this creature attacks, other creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.	3/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEDiligent Cursebinder	W	uncommon	Creature — Elf Wizard 	18	WB	2W	When this creature enters, [look at target opponent’s hand. You may exile a nonland card from it.] For as long as that card remains exiled, its owner may play it. A spell cast this way costs 2 more to cast.
Technique 1B (You may cast this as a sorcery spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	1/4		normal	HTS		REPLACEMENurse Practitioner	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Advisor Cleric 	25	W	2W	Instruct (Whenever this creature attacks, up to one other target attacking creature gains the following abilities until end of turn.)
Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to this creature.	2/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEHopeful Burning-Bright	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Fox Wizard 	22	W	3W	When this creature enters, [exile target nonland permanent with mana value X or less,] where X is the number of creatures you control.
Flash Technique XW (You may cast this as an instant spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	3/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMECallous Hero	W	uncommon	Creature — Horror Warrior 	13	WG	4W	When this creature enters, [put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.]
Technique 1G (You may cast this as a sorcery spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	4/4		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEHonor Role Assistant	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Advisor Warrior 	21	W	3W	Instruct (Whenever this creature attacks, up to one other target attacking creature gains the following abilities until end of turn.)
During your turn, this creature has double strike.	2/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMETenth-Second Precision Strike	W	uncommon	Instant	36	W	2W	Exile target nonland permanent. Its controller conjures a card named Fatigue into their hand. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEValorous Stance	W	uncommon	Instant	37	W	1W	Choose one —
• Target creature gains indestructible until end of turn.
• Destroy target creature with toughness 4 or greater.			normal	HTS		GinjiroREPLACEMEJoin the Pigments	W	uncommon	Sorcery	23	W	3W	Creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn. Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies this turn, create a 1/1 Horror creature token that’s all colors.			normal	HTS		Precursor of LightREPLACEMEReminder of Times Long Past	W	uncommon	Enchantment	29	W	W	Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to an opponent or planeswalker an opponent controls, put your choice of a +1/+1, lifelink, first strike, vigilance, or flying counter on this enchantment.
1W: This enchantment becomes a 1/1 Elephant creature until end of turn.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEEverything Goes On	WRG	mythic	Enchantment	225	WRG	RGW	Whenever a creature you control dies, you may exile it with a memory counter on it.
Creatures you control get +1/+1 for each different mana value of exiled cards you own with memory counters on them.			normal	HTS		red green whiteREPLACEMEEnigmatic Transfer Student	WUG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Elissia 	224	WUG	1GWU			[+1]: Exile up to one target nonplaneswalker permanent you control, then return it to the battlefield.
[-1]: Draw a card. When you do, tap up to one target permanent for each card you’ve drawn this turn. 
[-X]: [Search your library for a nonland card with mana value X or less, exile that card, then shuffle. You may cast that card without paying its mana cost.] 
Technique XGWU	planeswalker	HTS	3	green white blueREPLACEMENew Wolf in Town	UBR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Ludolf 	237	UBR	3UBR			Whenever an opponent sacrifices a permanent during another player’s turn, that player discards a card. Put a loyalty counter on New Wolf in Town.
[+2]: New Wolf in Town deals 3 damage to each opponent. Draw a card.
[-4]: [Each player chooses up to two creatures they control, then sacrifices the rest.]
Technique 1BR	planeswalker	HTS	6	black red whiteREPLACEMEThe Final Throne	UBG	mythic	Legendary Enchantment	228	UBG	1BGU	If you would draw a card, instead exile it and return a card at random from your graveyard to your hand.
If a card would be put into your graveyard from anywhere, exile it instead.
At the beginning of your end step, sacrifice The Final Throne if there are no cards in your graveyard.			normal	HTS		green blue black 
mikiREPLACEMEThe Phantom Gun	WBG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Horror Rogue 	239	WBG	1WBG	Deathtouch
Whenever a creature an opponent controls dies, that player mills two cards.
Whenever the seventh card is put into an opponent’s graveyard from anywhere each turn, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.	4/4		normal	HTS		white black green
BanditREPLACEMEThe Painter of Flames	WUR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Horror Rogue 	238	WUR	1URW	Prowess
Noncreature spells you cast have convoke. (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
Whenever a creature you control becomes tapped, put a +1/+1 counter on it.	3/3		normal	HTS		blue red white
Kazuki
Former allies became new colors to experiment with and the world was his canvas.REPLACEMEGap Year Graduate	URG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Aimi 	230	URG	1GUR			[+1]:  Until your next turn, spells you cast cost 2 less to cast. 
[-3]: [Choose two target creatures controlled by different players. Return one of them to its owner’s hand and that creature deals damage equal to its power to the other creature.]
[-7]: You get an emblem with “Whenever a creature enters, this emblem deals 3 damage to each opponent.”
Flash technique GUR (You may cast this as an instant spell with only the text in square brackets for its technique cost.)	planeswalker	HTS	5	black green blue
AimiREPLACEMEInternal Struggle	UBG	rare	Sorcery	232	UBG	BGGGU	Choose two target permanents you control. For each permanent chosen this way, create a token that’s a copy of it, except it’s a land named Everywhere that’s every basic land type in addition to its types and they have haste.			normal	HTS		Tricolor Cycle
ItamiREPLACEMETogether as a Team!	WUBRG	rare	Sorcery	251	WUBRG	3WUBRG	For each color, search your library for a monocolored creature card of that color with mana value four or less, put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle.
Exile Together as a Team!.			normal	HTS		StarguardiansREPLACEMEBoastful Finish	WUB	rare	Instant	218	WUB	WUUUB	Gain control of target permanent or spell. You may choose new targets for it if it is a spell.			normal	HTS		Tricolor Cycle
white blue black
AsamiREPLACEMEPieces Fall into Place	UBR	rare	Sorcery	240	UBR	UBBBR	Exile the top three cards of each player’s library. For as long as they remain exiled, you may play them. Create three tapped Treasure tokens.			normal	HTS		Tricolor Cycle
blue black red
Sanrin Miki MorikoREPLACEMENebula of Mists	BRG	rare	Sorcery	236	BRG	BRRRG	Nebula of Mists deals 4 damage to up to four targets.			normal	HTS		Tricolor Cycle
black red greenREPLACEMEReveal Your Core Bare	WRG	rare	Sorcery	244	WRG	RGGGW	Create a 0/0 black Shade creature token with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each permanent you control.” When you do, you may have it fight target creature you don’t control.			normal	HTS		Tricolor Cycle
Fallingstar
red green white
BanriREPLACEMEFrenzy of Flesh	WUG	rare	Sorcery	229	WUG	GWWWU	Create six 1/1 Fish Horror creature tokens with flying that are all colors.			normal	HTS		white green
blue tricolor CycleREPLACEMEBecome Nothing	WBR	rare	Sorcery	217	WBR	RWWWB	Destroy all nonland permanents.			normal	HTS		Tricolor Cycle
red white blackREPLACEMEConvince the Aether	URG	rare	Instant	220	URG	GUUUR	Exile any number of instant and/or sorcery cards from your graveyard with total mana value 5 or less. Cast a copy of each card exiled this way without paying its mana cost.
Exile Convince the Aether.			normal	HTS		Tricolor CycleREPLACEMETether to Reality	WBG	rare	Sorcery	250	WBG	WBBBG	Return up to two target permanent cards from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	HTS		Tricolor Cycle
white black green
ItamiREPLACEMECross the Brink	WUR	rare	Sorcery	221	WUR	URRRW	Untap all creatures you control. They gain vigilance until end of turn. After this main phase, there is an additional combat phase followed by an additional combat phase.			normal	HTS		Tricolor Cycle
red blue white
Kazuki
Kazuki GangREPLACEMEThe Second Best	WUBR	rare	Legendary Creature — Horror Mystic 	247	WUBR	WUBR	Prowess
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, creatures you control gain menace and haste until end of turn.
Whenever you cast an artifact or enchantment spell, creatures you control gain lifelink until end of turn.
Whenever you cast a planeswalker or battle spell, draw two cards.	4/4		normal	HTS		FourColor
White Blue Black Red
AsamiREPLACEMEThe Jovial Phantasm	WUBG	rare	Legendary Creature — Horror 	233	WUBG	GWUB	Activated abilities of creatures you control cost 2 less to activate. This effect can’t reduce the mana in that cost to less than one mana.
Whenever you activate a transcend ability, copy that ability as though this creature was the source. (If that creature would gain types or abilities, this creature does too.)	5/3		normal	HTS		FourColor
Green White Blue Black
MorikoREPLACEMEThe Quelling Star	UBRG	rare	Legendary Creature — Elf Horror 	241	UBRG	UBRG	Flying
Whenever you cast a spell, spells you cast cost 1 less to cast until end of turn.
When this creature enters, discard your hand. For each card discarded this way, conjure a card named Fatigue into your hand. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)	3/5		normal	HTS		FourColor
Blue Black Red Green
MikiREPLACEMERainbow's End	WURG	rare	Legendary Creature — Eye Horror 	242	WURG	RGWU	Instant and sorcery spells you cast for their technique costs resolve as creatures on the battlefield.
Whenever a creature you control attacks, if it has a technique cost, you may cast a copy of that card as an instant or sorcery.	5/5		normal	HTS		FourColor
Red White Blue GreenREPLACEMESpotlight Hogger	U	common	Creature — Human Student 	69	U	3U	Vigilance
1, T: Tap target creature.
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, untap this creature.	2/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEOverwhelming Tide of Grief	B	common	Instant	98	B	B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may pay 2. If you don’t, conjure a card named Fatigue on the top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)
Target creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEApsiring Challenger	B	common	Creature — Demon Mystic 	78	B	B	Menace
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, each opponent loses 1 life.	1/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMELofty Instructor	U	common	Creature — Faerie Advisor 	57	U	1U	Flying
Instruct (Whenever this creature attacks, up to one other target attacking creature gains the following abilities until end of turn.)
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, scry 1.	1/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEParagon of Precision	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Mystic 	63	U	U	Prowess
This creature can’t be blocked by creatures with greater power.	1/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMESixteen Point Punch	W	common	Instant	30	W	1W	Sixteen Point Punch deals 4 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.			normal	HTS		GinjiroREPLACEMEInvoker Bright	G	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	170	G	1G	Whenever you draw your second card each turn, this creature gets +2/+1 until end of turn.	2/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMERampaging Behemoth	G	uncommon	Creature — Dinosaur 	180	G	2G	Trample
At the beginning of your upkeep, return this creature to your hand unless you conjure a card named Fatigue on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)	5/6		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEBlossoming Wallflower	W	common	Creature — Faerie Horror Student 	12	W	W	Flying
Whenever this creature dies, create a 1/1 Horror creature token that’s all colors. You gain 1 life.	1/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEAcademy Assitant		common	Artifact Creature	253	C	2	When this creature enters, you may discard a card. If you do, search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle.	2/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMESubstitute Teacher	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Advisor 	144	R	R	Instruct (Whenever this creature attacks, up to one other target attacking creature gains the following abilities until end of turn.)
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.	1/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEMurky Demesne		uncommon	Land	265	UBG		As this land enters, you may put a card from your hand on the bottom of your library, then conjure a card named Fatigue into your hand. Otherwise, this land enters tapped. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)
T: Add B, G, or U.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEMayhem Reveler	R	common	Creature — Human Wolf Soldier 	133	R	R	Prowess
2R, Discard a card: Draw a card.	1/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMECoastal Barricade		common	Artifact	254	C	3	T: Add one mana of any color.
6, T, Sacrifice this artifact: Destroy target permanent.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEFeline Personal Assistant Unit	WU	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Cat  	187	WU	WU	Instruct (Whenever this creature attacks, up to one other target attacking creature gains the following abilities until end of turn.)
Flying	2/2		normal	HTS		YuumiREPLACEMEAsami, Twice-Reigning Champ	UB	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Mystic 	190	UB	5UB	When this creature enters, choose up to two. You may choose the same mode more than once.
• Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.
• Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.	3/3		normal	HTS		AsamiREPLACEMEHotaru, Ever-Ignited	BR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Rogue 	195	BR	2BR	Menace
At the beginning of your upkeep, exile the top two cards of your library. Put one on the bottom of your library. You may play the other this turn.	3/3		normal	HTS		HotaruREPLACEMEHerald of the Painted Sky	RG	uncommon	Creature — Horror Wizard 	197	RG	2RG	Creature spells you cast have convoke. (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
Whenever a creature enters under your control, if no mana was spent to cast it, it gains haste until end of turn.	3/3		normal	HTS		HweiREPLACEMEEmbrace the Day	WG	uncommon	Enchantment	199	WG	GW	If you would create one or more tokens, instead create those tokens plus a 1/1 red Student creature token.
Whenever you attack with four or more creatures, draw a card.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEVainglorious Bombardier	WB	uncommon	Creature — Human Bat Soldier 	203	WB	WB	1, Sacrifice another creature: This creature gains deathtouch and indestructible until end of turn.
1, Pay 2 life: This creature gains flying and menace until end of turn.	2/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMETorn Between Light and Shadow	BG	uncommon	Sorcery	210	BG	1BG	Mill four cards. You may return a land card and a nonland card from among them to your hand.			normal	HTS		MikiREPLACEMEThe Brightest Star, Miki	UG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Elf Wizard 	214	UG	1GU	Ward 1
Whenever you draw a card, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.
At the beginning of your end step, if there are three or more counters on this creature, you may activate an ability of a planeswalker you control.	2/2		normal	HTS		MikiREPLACEMESiphoner of Otherworlds	UR	uncommon	Creature — Human Warlock 	207	UR	UR	1, T: This creature deals 1 damage to any target.
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, untap this creature.	1/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEGinjiro, Spoiled Upstart	WR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Cat Mystic 	211	WR	RW	Prowess, first strike
Whenever a creature you control, it gains first strike until end of turn if it has prowess. If it has two or more instances of prowess, it gains double strike until end of turn instead.	2/1		normal	HTS		GinjiroREPLACEMEInvestigative Journalism	WU	uncommon	Enchantment	188	WU	2WU	When this enchantment enters, draw two cards.
Whenever two or more creatures you control deal combat damage to an opponent, return this enchantment to your hand and gain 4 life.			normal	HTS		AuroraREPLACEMEHeist of That Never Seen Before	UB	uncommon	Sorcery	191	UB	4UB	Destroy target creature. Each other creature that player controls gets -2/-2 until end of turn.			normal	HTS		Phantom BanditREPLACEMEThe Bandit's Grand Finale	BR	uncommon	Sorcery	193	BR	BR	The Bandit’s Grand Finale deals 3 damage to target player. That player discards a card.
Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, if this card wasn’t put into your graveyard this turn, return it from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	HTS		BanditREPLACEMEPossibilities Emerge, You Remain	RG	uncommon	Enchantment	198	RG	1RG	When this enchantment enters, create a tapped colorless land token named Everywhere that is every basic land type. 
Whenever you cast a spell, note its colors. Then if there are five or more different colors noted by this card, sacrifice it and create a 5/5 Horror creature token that’s all colors.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEShizuka, Head of the Class	WG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Student 	201	WG	1GW	Whenever a creature you control enters, you gain 1 life.
Creatures you control get +1/+1 as long as you’ve gained life this turn.	2/2		normal	HTS		ShizukaREPLACEMEYua, Logistics Commando	WB	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Bat Soldier 	204	WB	1WB	Vigilance
Whenever another creature you control dies, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.
When this creature dies, you gain life equal to its power and each opponent loses that much life.	2/2		normal	HTS		YuaREPLACEMEThe Entombed Tentagoyf	BG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Lhurgoyf 	208	BG	BG	This creature’s power is equal to the number of card types among cards in your graveyard and its toughness is equal to that number plus 1.
Whenever this creature deals four or more damage to a player or planeswalker, create a 1/1 Horror creature token that’s all colors.	*/*+1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMENeon Junkie Guardian	UG	uncommon	Creature — Cat Rogue Scout 	216	UG	GU	When Neon Junkie Guardian enters the battlefield, conjure a card named Fatigue and put it on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)	4/3		normal	HTS		Kazuki GangREPLACEMEKazuki, the Neon Painter	UR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Elemental Rogue 	206	UR	1UR	Noncreature spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, you may untap target creature.	1/3		normal	HTS		Kazuki
Kazuki GangREPLACEMEShifting Typhoon Strike	WR	uncommon	Instant	213	WR	1RW	Target creature gets +3/+0 and gains first strike, lifelink, and trample until end of turn.			normal	HTS		IreliaREPLACEMEBrighest Star and the Darkest Shadow	B	uncommon	Creature — Bird Shade 	80	B	B	This creature can’t block.
Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, you may return this card from your graveyard to your hand.	2/1		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEAdmired Overachiever	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Student 	2	W	W	Prowess, lifelink	1/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEWavering Academy		common	Land	274	W		This land enters tapped. When it does, add one mana of any color.
T: Add W.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEWavering City		common	Land	276	B		This land enters tapped. When it does, add one mana of any color.
T: Add B.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEWavering Rift		common	Land	278	R		This land enters tapped. When it does, add one mana of any color.
T: Add R.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEWavering Arena		common	Land	275	U		This land enters tapped. When it does, add one mana of any color.
T: Add U.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEWavering Playground		common	Land	277	G		This land enters tapped. When it does, add one mana of any color.
T: Add G.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMESerene Meadow		common	Land — Plains 	271	W		This land enters tapped unless you control two or more basic lands.
T: Add W.
2, Sacrifice this land: Draw a card.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMESerene Gymnasium		common	Land — Forest 	270	G		This land enters tapped unless you control two or more basic lands.
T: Add G.
2, Sacrifice this land: Draw a card.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMESerene Court		common	Land — Swamp 	268	B		This land enters tapped unless you control two or more basic lands.
T: Add B.
2, Sacrifice this land: Draw a card.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMESerene Arcade		common	Land — Mountain 	267	R		This land enters tapped unless you control two or more basic lands.
T: Add R.
2, Sacrifice this land: Draw a card.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMESerene Depot		common	Land — Island 	269	U		This land enters tapped unless you control two or more basic lands.
T: Add U.
2, Sacrifice this land: Draw a card.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEImposing Stature	WUB	uncommon	Enchantment	231	WUB	1WUB	At the beginning of your upkeep, you gain 1 life and each opponent loses 1 life.
Whenever one or more creatures deal combat damage to you, those creature’s controller conjures a card named Fatigue and puts it on the top of their library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	HTS		BelvethREPLACEMEDisperse without Care	UBR	uncommon	Instant	222	UBR	UBR	Choose one —
• Counter target spell with mana value 4 or less.
• Disperse without Care deals 4 damage to any target.
Conjure a card named Fatigue into your hand. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)			normal	HTS		VexREPLACEMEShell of Lethargy	BRG	uncommon	Creature — Horror 	249	BRG	1BRG	When this creature enters, mill four cards. When you do, this creature deals damage to any target equal to the number of lands milled this way.
You may play lands from your graveyard.	3/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMESafeguarding Gloryseeker	WRG	uncommon	Creature — Human Wizard 	245	WRG	1RGW	Prowess
Whenever a creature you control becomes the target of a spell you control, that creature gets +2/+2 and gains hexproof until end of turn.	3/3		normal	HTS		REPLACEMELet the Palette Run Dry	WUG	uncommon	Sorcery	234	WUG	2GWU	Create three 1/1 Horror Fish creature tokens with flying that are all colors, then you gain 1 life for each creature you control.
Draw a card.			normal	HTS		MalzaharREPLACEMEMiss Sanrin, Home Room	WBR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Advisor 	235	WBR	RWB	Other creatures you control with flying have instruct with that ability. The same is true for first strike, double strike, deathtouch, haste, hexproof, indestructible, lifelink, menace, reach, and trample. (Whenever a creature with one of those abilities attacks, up to one other target attacking creature gains that ability until end of turn.)	4/4		normal	HTS		SanrinREPLACEMEExplore New Frontiers	URG	uncommon	Instant	226	URG	1GUR	Draw two cards. When you do, choose one — 
• You may put up to two land cards from your hand onto the battlefield.
• Explore New Frontiers deals damage to target creature or planeswalker equal to the number of cards in your hand.			normal	HTS		SamiraREPLACEMEShed the Old Hue	WBG	uncommon	Enchantment	248	WBG	WBG	At the beginning of your end step, choose one —
• You may sacrifice a creature. If you do, return target creature card with mana value equal to 1 plus the sacrificed creature’s mana value from your graveyard to the battlefield. 
• Create a 1/1 Horror creature token that’s all colors.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEEncroaching Hues	WUR	uncommon	Enchantment	223	WUR	URW	When this enchantment enters, you may create two 1/1 Horror creature tokens that are all colors. If you do, conjure a card named Fatigue on top of your library. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, target creature you control gets +3/+0 until end of turn.			normal	HTS		PrecursorREPLACEMERecursive Threat	UBG	uncommon	Creature — Kithkin Horror Wizard 	243	UBG	BGU	When this creature enters, you may return target card from your graveyard to your hand.
When this creature dies, exile it. If you do, return target card from your graveyard to your hand.	2/2		normal	HTS		REPLACEMEJaksa, Alone but Listening		rare	Legendary Artifact Creature — Scout 	256	C	2		2/1	Transcend (Activate as a sorcery to gain the next type and a +1/+1 counter.)
You may look at the top card of your library any time.
You may play lands from the top of your library.
2: Warlock
Jaksa gains “You may cast spells from the top of your library if that card doesn’t share a card type with the resulting spell.”
4: Soldier
Jaksa gains “Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, create a 3/3 colorless Homunculus creature token.”	class	HTS		REPLACEMETranquil Demesne		uncommon	Land	273	WUR		As this land enters, you may put a card from your hand on the bottom of your library, then conjure a card named Fatigue into your hand. Otherwise, this land enters tapped. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)
T: Add U, R, or W.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEImposing Demesne		uncommon	Land	264	WBG		As this land enters, you may put a card from your hand on the bottom of your library, then conjure a card named Fatigue into your hand. Otherwise, this land enters tapped. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)
T: Add W, B, or G.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMESinuous Demesne		uncommon	Land	272	URG		As this land enters, you may put a card from your hand on the bottom of your library, then conjure a card named Fatigue into your hand. Otherwise, this land enters tapped. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)
T: Add G, U, or R.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEErupting Demesne		uncommon	Land	262	WBR		As this land enters, you may put a card from your hand on the bottom of your library, then conjure a card named Fatigue into your hand. Otherwise, this land enters tapped. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)
T: Add R, W, or B.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEImmaculate Demesne		uncommon	Land	263	WUG		As this land enters, you may put a card from your hand on the bottom of your library, then conjure a card named Fatigue into your hand. Otherwise, this land enters tapped. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)
T: Add G, W, or U.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEBlossoming Demesne		uncommon	Land	259	WRG		As this land enters, you may put a card from your hand on the bottom of your library, then conjure a card named Fatigue into your hand. Otherwise, this land enters tapped. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)
T: Add R, G, or W.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEEntropic Demesne		uncommon	Land	261	BRG		As this land enters, you may put a card from your hand on the bottom of your library, then conjure a card named Fatigue into your hand. Otherwise, this land enters tapped. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)
T: Add B, R, or G.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMERavaged Demesne		uncommon	Land	266	UBR		As this land enters, you may put a card from your hand on the bottom of your library, then conjure a card named Fatigue into your hand. Otherwise, this land enters tapped. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)
T: Add U, B, or R.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMEAtrophic Demesne		uncommon	Land	258	WUB		As this land enters, you may put a card from your hand on the bottom of your library, then conjure a card named Fatigue into your hand. Otherwise, this land enters tapped. (It’s a colorless sorcery that costs 2 with “Draw a card.”)
T: Add W, U, or B.			normal	HTS		REPLACEMESanrin, Tenured and Here	WBRG	rare	Legendary Creature — Horror Advisor 	246	WBRG	BRGW	Whenever an instruct ability you control triggers, copy it for each other creature you control that it could target. Each copy targets a different one of those creatures.
Instruct (Whenever this creature attacks, up to one other target attacking creature gains the following abilities until end of turn.)
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it.	4/4		normal	HTS		FourColor
White Black Red Green
SanrinREPLACEMEPlains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	279	C					normal	HTS		REPLACEMESwamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	281	C					normal	HTS		REPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	283	C					normal	HTS		REPLACEMEIsland		common	Basic Land — Island 	280	C					normal	HTS		REPLACEMEMountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	282	C					normal	HTS		REPLACEMEPrecursor of Light	WUBRG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Horror 	1	WUBRG	9	This card is all colors.
Flying, trample
When this creature enters, destroy target permanent. You gain life equal to 8 minus that permanent’s mana value. (If its mana value is 8 or higher, you don’t gain life.)	8/8		normal	HTS		AatroxREPLACEMEHorror		common	Token Creature — Horror 	8	C			1/1		token	HTS		REPLACEMEStudent	U	common	Token Creature — Student 	3	U			2/2		token	HTS		REPLACEMETreasure		common	Token Artifact	10	C		T, Sacrifice this token: Add one mana of any color.			token	HTS		REPLACEMEStudent	R	common	Token Creature — Student 	5	R			1/1		token	HTS		REPLACEMEHorror		common	Token Creature — Horror 	9	C			5/5		token	HTS		REPLACEMEFish Horror		common	Token Creature — Fish Horror 	7	C		Flying	1/1		token	HTS		REPLACEMEHomunculus		common	Token Creature — Homunculus 	1	C			3/3		token	HTS		REPLACEMEEverywhere		common	Token Land	11	C		This land is a Plains, Island, Swamp, Mountain, and Forest. (T: Add W, U, B, R, or G.)			token	HTS		REPLACEMEDemon	B	common	Token Creature — Demon Mystic 	4	B		Flying	*/*		token	HTS		REPLACEMEDinosaur	G	common	Token Creature — Dinosaur 	6	G			X/X		token	HTS		REPLACEMEBird	W	common	Token Creature — Bird 	2	W		Flying	1/1		token	HTS		REPLACEME